---
date: 2015-01-12
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">A Little Embarrassing Story</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Jan 12, 2015 21:34</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
I suddenly remembered my embarrassing event in the last year.<br/><br/>Today, I want to write the bare truth.<br/><br/>I participated the international conference in Singapore, and after it was finished, I went to the airport lounge to go back to Japan.<br/><br/>And I was eating light meal alone at 3 seater table, and one couple came next to my table.<br/><br/>They put their luggage in the chair and trying to sit down, but they're short by one chair.<br/><br/>At that moment, I intuitively thought they would come my table and say something like "Can we use this chair?" to me.<br/><br/>Therefore, I braced myself for saying "Of course!", and then they came.<br/><br/>They said "Is this seat occupied?", and I said "Of course!" with the gesture meaning "Please use this.".<br/><br/>They were confused and I was confused too, and I didn't know what to say.<br/><br/>Since I just finished eating foods then, I gave them a little smile and went off hastily.<br/><br/>I was embarrassed.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name"></span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I suddenly remembered my embarrassing event in the last year.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I suddenly remembered my embarrassing event <span class="f_blue">that happened</span> last year.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I participated the international conference in Singapore, and after it was finished, I went to the airport lounge to go back to Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I participated <span class="f_blue">in an</span> international conference in Singapore<span class="f_blue">. After it ended</span>, I went to the airport lounge to go back to Japan.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">And I was eating light meal alone at 3 seater table, and one couple came next to my table.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
As I was<span class="f_blue"> having a </span> light meal alone at <span class="f_blue">a</span> 3 seater table, a couple came next to my table.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">They put their luggage in the chair and trying to sit down, but they're short by one chair.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
They put their luggage in the chair and were trying to sit down, but they were short of one chair.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since I just finished eating foods then, I gave them a little smile and went off hastily.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since I had finished eating then, I gave them a little smile and went off hastily.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 LOL
 <br/>
 I usually just do hand gestures.
 <br/>
 Palm up = どうぞ
 <br/>
 Palm down = taken
 <br/>
 hha
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always correcting me! :)<br/>Palm up!! I wanted to say it! Thank you. :D
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I participated the international conference in Singapore, and after it was finished, I went to the airport lounge to go back to Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
(It happened when) I participated in an international conference in Singapore, and after it was finished, I went to the airport lounge to go back to Japan.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, I braced myself for saying "Of course!", and then they came.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, I braced myself for saying "Of course!", and then they came (or: approached me).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">They said "Is this seat occupied?", and I said "Of course!" with the gesture meaning "Please use this.".</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
They said (or: asked me) "Is this seat occupied?", and I said "Of course!" with the gesture meaning "Please use this.".
<p class="correction_comment">I'm sorry but i was laughing so hard at this part.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you veru much always for correcting me! (*´▽｀*)<br/>I feel shy. (*´ｪ`*)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome!<br/><br/>&gt;I feel shy<br/><br/>You don`t need to.
</div>
</div>
