---
date: 2015-01-20
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">I watched a few episodes of "White Color" on Hulu.</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Jan 20, 2015 23:24</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
I watched a few episodes of "White Color" on Hulu.<br/><br/>It was interesting, so I'll continue to watch it.<br/><br/>However, I noticed that the drama will have the plug pulled in season 6.<br/><br/>I think American dramas are really interesting, but I also think they are too long.<br/><br/>Please don't extend story just because it became a popular, please don't become strange final episode.<br/><br/>I don't know what will happen in future episodes of "White Color", I desperately think so.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Drift</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I watched a few episodes of "White Color" on Hulu.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I watched a few episodes of "White Collar" on Hulu.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It was interesting, so I'll continue to watch it.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, I noticed that the drama will have the plug pulled in season 6.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, I read that the drama will discontinue after season 6.
<p class="correction_comment">To notice, is to find out something through observing. In this case, perhaps it's better to say that you read about it or found out about it.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think American dramas are really interesting, but I also think they are too long.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Please don't extend story just because it became a popular, please don't become strange final episode.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Please don't extend the story just because it is (getting) popular. Please don't let the finale end up strange/weird/awkward.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I don't know what will happen in future episodes of "White Color", I desperately think so.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I don't know what will happen in future episodes of "White Collar", I desperately want to know.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I love the concept of White Collar. :)
 <br/>
 Perhaps, you will also enjoy The Mentalist?
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <a href="http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Mentalist" target="_blank">
  http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Mentalist
 </a>
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting me! :D<br/><br/>Yes! I enjoyed The Mentalist!<br/>But I watched only season 1 because Hulu doesn't provide season 2.<br/><br/>And now, season 7...!!<br/>I want to watch the endgame of Red John, but maybe it will take me a long time.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Drift</span><br>
I agree. I was so hooked by the Red John story. Does Hulu provide subtitles? Otherwise, you can try this: <a href="http://kissdrama.net/" target="_blank">http://kissdrama.net/</a>
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Yes, Hulu provides subtitles, but this cite is really super!!<br/>Thank you for letting me know! (*´▽｀*) <br/>I'll take this opportunity to try to watch American dramas without subtitles!
</div>
</div>
