---
date: 2015-02-24
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">That's Something</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Feb 24, 2015 23:56</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
　I didn't know the meaning of the phrase "That's something." In fact, I didn't know the noun meaning of 'something,' while I often use it as pronoun. Yes, 'something' as noun means like important, great, and truth. So I can also say "You're something," in the sense of "You're great." However, I think it's a little difficult for me to get used to the phrase, because "You're something," sounds like "You're something great," for me. Also, I feel a kind of hesitation from "You're something great," for complimenting someone.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">marty</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I didn't know the meaning of the phrase "That's something." In fact, I didn't know the noun meaning of 'something,' while I often use it as pronoun.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I didn't know the meaning of the phrase "That's something." In fact, I didn't know the noun meaning of 'something,' while I often use it as pronoun.<span class="f_blue">I didn't know the meaning of the phrase "That's something." In fact, I didn't know the meaning of "something" when used as a noun. However, I often use it as a pronoun.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">Your original is correct and would be understood. My suggested changes are more in the "flow"of English and create, to my ear, the proper emphasis. "Noun meaning" makes sense, but "when used as a noun" provides the emphasis and would the common way to say it.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yes, 'something' as noun means like important, great, and truth.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Yes, 'something' as noun means like important, great, and truth.<span class="f_blue">When "something" is used as a noun it means "important," "great" and "truth."</span>
<p class="correction_comment">I'm not sure when it can be used to mean "truth." Please use that in a sentence and I'll see if it works.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">So I can also say "You're something," in the sense of "You're great." However, I think it's a little difficult for me to get used to the phrase, because "You're something," sounds like "You're something great," for me.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
So I can also say "You're something," in the sense of "You're great." However, I think it's a little difficult for me to get used to the phrase, because "You're something," sounds like "You're something great," for me.<span class="f_blue">I can also say "You're something" in the sense of "You're great." However, I think it's a little difficult for me to get used to that phrase because it sounds like "You're something great" for me.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">The phrases "You're something" and "You're really something" are also tricky because "something" can be used in a negative sense depending on the tone of voice. If you say "You're really something" in a sarcastic or sharp tone it can mean "You are a pain" or "You are a mess," etc. But said with enthusiasm, you would never be misunderstood.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, I feel a kind of hesitation from "You're something great," for complimenting someone.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, I feel a kind of hesitation from "You're something great," for complimenting someone.<span class="f_blue">I also hesitate to say "You're something great" when complimenting someone.</span>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
Yes, 'something' as noun means like important, great, and truth.<span class="f_blue">When "something" is used as a noun it means "important," "great" and "truth."</span>
<p class="correction_comment">
I'm not sure when it can be used to mean "truth." Please use that in a sentence and I'll see if it works.
</p>
</li>
</ul></div>
Thank you so much for your helpful corrections! :)<br/><br/>In my dictionary, it was written that "something" means "truth" or "value" in the following cases:<br/>"There's something in [to] what he says."<br/>"It meant something to him."
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">marty</span><br>
Oh, yes! This is a way to use "something" in the sense of "truth" or "value." Not so much "truth" as in "the absolute truth of the universe," but truth as in "conformity with fact or reality." In other words, something that makes sense. 
</div>
</div>
