---
date: 2015-03-21
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Cactus</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Mar 21, 2015 17:16</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I bought cactuses as graduation gifts for my juniors in next week's graduation ceremony.<br/><br/>I usually buy bouquet flowers as a graduation gift, but my juniors said like they want succulent plants like cactuses in advance, so I chose pots which several cactuses were planted.<br/><br/>It is easy to grow cactuses, and it will not wither easily.<br/><br/>Cactuses have thorns, but actually, they are leaves of the cactuses.<br/><br/>It is said that by the leaves shaped like thorns, the surface area would reduce, and it would prevent the evaporation of moisture.<br/><br/>In addition, the thorns have a role of cooling their bodies by scattering strong sunlight.<br/><br/>If you pulled out all the thorns,  the surface temperature of the cactus would rise 10 degrees.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
今日は、来週の卒業式に、卒業祝いとして後輩に渡すためのサボテンを買いました。<br/><br/>いつもは花束ですが、サボテンのような多肉植物のほうが欲しいと事前に言われていたので、今回は小さなサボテンが複数入ったポットにしました。<br/><br/>サボテンなら育てるのも簡単で、なかなか枯れることもありません。<br/><br/>サボテンにはトゲがありますが、これはサボテンの葉っぱです。<br/><br/>葉をトゲのようにすることで表面積を減らし、水分の蒸発を防いでいると言われています。<br/><br/>また、強い日差しを散乱させて冷却する役割も担っているようで、トゲを全部抜くとサボテンの表面温度は10℃も上昇するようです。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I bought cactuses as graduation gifts for my juniors in next week's graduation ceremony.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I bought cactuses (or: <span class="f_blue">cacti</span>) as graduation gifts for my juniors in next week's graduation ceremony.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I usually buy bouquet flowers as a graduation gift, but my juniors said like they want succulent plants like cactuses in advance, so I chose pots which several cactuses were planted.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I usually buy bouquet <span class="f_blue">of</span> flowers as a graduation gift, but my juniors said they <span class="f_blue">would</span> like <span class="f_blue">to have</span> succulent plants like cactuses in advance, so I chose pots <span class="f_blue">in</span> which several cactuses were planted.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Maybe some of these cacti would grow into a cactuar eventually^^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting me! :)<br/>Haha, it's a chance that we get enormous experience points.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Oanh Nguyen</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I bought cactuses as graduation gifts for my juniors in next week's graduation ceremony.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I bought <span class="f_red">many </span>cactuses as <span class="f_red">the </span>graduation gifts for my juniors in next week's graduation ceremony.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I usually buy bouquet flowers as a graduation gift, but my juniors said like they want succulent plants like cactuses in advance, so I chose pots which several cactuses were planted.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I usually buy <span class="f_red">a </span>bouquet <span class="f_red">of some kinds of</span> flowers as <span class="f_red">the</span> graduation gift, but my juniors <span class="f_red">seemed to say</span> <span class="f_red">that</span> they wan<span class="f_red">na have the </span>succulent plant <span class="f_red">pots </span>like <span class="f_red">the </span>cactuses in advance, so I chose <span class="f_red">some </span>pots <span class="f_red">in </span>which several cactuses were planted.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is easy to grow cactuses, and it will not wither easily.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is easy to grow <span class="f_red">the </span>cactuses, and <span class="f_red">they are</span> wither<span class="f_red">ed</span> easily.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Cactuses have thorns, but actually, they are leaves of the cactuses.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Cactuses have <span class="f_red">a lot of </span>thorns, but actually, they are leaves of the cactuses.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is said that by the leaves shaped like thorns, the surface area would reduce, and it would prevent the evaporation of moisture.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is <span class="f_red">true</span> that <span class="f_red">the shape of</span> the leaves<span class="f_red"> are the same as</span> <span class="f_red">the </span>thorns, <span class="f_red">so </span>the surface area <span class="f_red">of the leaves covered by the sunshine is</span> reduce<span class="f_red">d that </span>would prevent the evaporation of moisture 
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In addition, the thorns have a role of cooling their bodies by scattering strong sunlight.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In addition, the thorns' role <span class="f_red">is keep</span> their bodies <span class="f_red">cool </span>by scattering strong sunlight <span class="f_red">in the atmosphere.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If you pulled out all the thorns,  the surface temperature of the cactus would rise 10 degrees.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
If you pull<span class="sline">ed</span> all the thorns <span class="f_red">out</span>, the temperature <span class="f_red">thoughout</span> the cactus <span class="f_red">will be</span> rise<span class="f_red">d</span> 10 degrees.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
