---
date: 2015-06-01
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Working in the Morning</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Jun 1, 2015 20:41</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
I often read books and check emails in the morning.<br/><br/>However, I heard we should avoid such things.<br/><br/>Almost all tasks are divided into two types; brainworks and simple works.<br/><br/>In the morning, sympathetic becomes dominant, that is, our brains are active.<br/><br/>Therefore, we should do brainworks during the morning instead of simple works such as reading books or checking emails.<br/><br/>It is said that these simple works should be done during the evening or night, because parasympathetic becomes dominant in the night.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In the morning, sympathetic becomes dominant, that is, our brains are active.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In the morning, sympathetic becomes dominant, that is <span class="f_blue">when</span> our brains are <span class="f_blue">most</span> active.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, we should do brainworks during the morning instead of simple works such as reading books or checking emails.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, during the morning we should <span class="f_blue">engage in creative</span> work instead of <span class="f_blue">doing</span> simple work such as reading books or checking emails.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is said that these simple works should be done during the evening or night, because parasympathetic becomes dominant in the night.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is said that these simple <span class="f_blue">tasks</span> should be done during the evening or night, because parasympathetic becomes dominant in the night.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting! Maybe I should change my habits ^_^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post! :)<br/>Maybe me too, haha.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome! ^^
</div>
</div>
