---
date: 2015-07-03
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">The Relationship Between Playing Cards and a Calendar</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Jul 3, 2015 13:53</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I'd like to introduce the  relationship between playing cards and a calendar.<br/><br/>The red cards implies noon, and the black cards implies night.<br/><br/>The club cards implies spring, the diamond cards implies summer, the heart cards implies fall, and the spade cards implies winter.<br/><br/>The thirteen cards implies thirteen weeks of each season.<br/><br/>That is to say, the number of playing cards implies that a year is fifty two weeks.<br/><br/>Furthermore, the sum of all of the playing cards' number is 364.<br/><br/>If we add a joker card here, it will become 365.<br/><br/>A spare joker card implies leap year.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Sobrenombre</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I'd like to introduce the  relationship between playing cards and a calendar.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I'd like to tell you about the correlation between playing cards and a calendar.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The red cards implies noon, and the black cards implies night.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The red cards implies daytime, and the black cards implies night.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The club cards implies spring, the diamond cards implies summer, the heart cards implies fall, and the spade cards implies winter.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The clubs implies spring, the diamonds implies summer, the hearts implies fall, and the spades implies winter.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The thirteen cards implies thirteen weeks of each season.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The thirteen cards represent the thirteen weeks of each season.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">That is to say, the number of playing cards implies that a year is fifty two weeks.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, the number of cards in a deck equals the number of weeks in a year.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Furthermore, the sum of all of the playing cards' number is 364.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Furthermore, the sum of all of the playing cards is 364.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">A spare joker card implies leap year.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
A spare joker card represents a leap year.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Very interesting!  I never noticed that before, very good!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>I'm happy about your words. :D
</div>
</div>
