---
date: 2015-08-04
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Sound Characteristic of Japanese</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Aug 4, 2015 13:20</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I learned about how Japanese language hears by foreigners.<br/><br/>Firstly, Japanese language is thought to be spoken fast.<br/><br/>We don't think so, but we feel Chinese and Thai languages are spoken very fast.<br/><br/>In fact, Japanese, Chinese and Thai languages are composed mainly of vowels, and there is no consecutive consonants.<br/><br/>Therefore, these languages seems to sound like tongue twisters.<br/><br/>Secondly, Japanese speakers seem to be thought as if they are angry.<br/><br/>Since Japanese language have almost no accents, changes of intonations are less, it sounds like angry.<br/><br/>Also, we need not to use high pitched sound in Japanese, so our voices tend to be low.<br/><br/>This low voice is also related to the fact that Japanese speakers look like angry.<br/><br/>I don't know whether these information is a perfectly true, but I'd like to be careful when I speak to foreigners in Japanese.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">aliengorilla</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Sound Characteristic of Japanese</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Sound <span class="f_red">Characteristics </span>of Japanese
<p class="correction_comment">Plural form</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I learned about how Japanese language hears by foreigners.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I learned about how <span class="f_red">the </span>Japanese language <span class="f_red">is heard </span>by foreigners.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Firstly, Japanese language is thought to be spoken fast.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Firstly, Japanese is thought to be spoken fast.
<p class="correction_comment">Either "the Japanese language" or just "Japanese" is correct.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">We don't think so, but we feel Chinese and Thai languages are spoken very fast.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In fact, Japanese, Chinese and Thai languages are composed mainly of vowels, and there is no consecutive consonants.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In fact, Japanese, Chinese and Thai languages are composed mainly of vowels, and there <span class="f_red">are </span>no consecutive consonants.
<p class="correction_comment">You are speaking of a group, so you need the plural form of "is"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, these languages seems to sound like tongue twisters.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, these languages <span class="f_red">seem </span>to sound like tongue twisters.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Secondly, Japanese speakers seem to be thought as if they are angry.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Secondly, Japanese speakers seem to be thought <span class="f_red">of as</span> angry.
<p class="correction_comment">Another way to say that is "Japanese speakers seem to be angry"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since Japanese language have almost no accents, changes of intonations are less, it sounds like angry.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since Japanese <span class="f_red">has </span>almost no accents, <span class="f_blue">changes of intonations are less</span>, it sounds angry.
<p class="correction_comment">I am unfamiliar with Japanese so I don't know what you mean by changes of intonations.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, we need not to use high pitched sound in Japanese, so our voices tend to be low.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, we need not use high pitched sound in Japanese, so our voices tend to be low.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This low voice is also related to the fact that Japanese speakers look like angry.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This low voice is also related to the fact that Japanese speakers <span class="f_red">sound </span>angry.
<p class="correction_comment">"sound" would refer to the voice or pitch of a language.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I don't know whether these information is a perfectly true, but I'd like to be careful when I speak to foreigners in Japanese.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I don't know whether <span class="f_red">this </span>information is a perfectly true, but I'd like to be careful when I speak to foreigners in Japanese.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I think most people think foreign languages sound fast. I had never heard of Japanese sounding angry though!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
Since Japanese <span class="f_red">has </span>almost no accents, <span class="f_blue">changes of intonations are less</span>, it sounds angry.
<p class="correction_comment">
I am unfamiliar with Japanese so I don't know what you mean by changes of intonations.
</p>
</li>
</ul></div>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :D<br/><br/>&gt; I am unfamiliar with Japanese so I don't know what you mean by changes of intonations.<br/>I wanted to say something like "We speak in flat monotone(flat intonation). " It is said that Japanese have less intonation than other countries. I hope my English make sense.<br/><br/>&gt; I had never heard of Japanese sounding angry though!<br/>I'm relieved to hear that!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">We don't think so, but we feel Chinese and Thai languages are spoken very fast.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Instead, we feel Chinese and Thai languages are spoken very fast.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 hahaha There's sooo much that I can tell you about 'no intonation' and my experience. My Japanese friend always tells me, "Sharu, you always speak with feelings (intonations). You don't need to do that -_-; "lol It's a bit challenging to control the intonation. But I'm learning to get it right :)
 <br/>
 Also, I don't think they sound angry. My obasan-friend is realllly fast. And I think it's so cool !
 <br/>
 I have a Q though. Don't you think 声優 guys speak with some intonation ?
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for the correction and your informative comment! :D<br/>Haha, indeed many of us think intonations are not necessary too much during speaking, but some (and I) like the speech with feelings!<br/><br/>&gt; Also, I don't think they sound angry.<br/>I was relieved, thank you. Information of the internet is often inaccurate!<br/><br/>&gt; Don't you think 声優 guys speak with some intonation ?<br/>Yes, I think most of them speak with intonations! I heard that it's difficult to catch Japanese feelings, but 声優's feelings are easy to catch because of their intonation! <br/><br/>However, if the animation wanted to produce a sense of reality, 声優 guys might speak with almost no intonation(e.g. Studio Ghibli movie).
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span><br>
My pleasure and that's good to know :)<br/>Talking of seiyuu, I like how they speak 'ano ne -_-' , 'ha?!' and I get it right almost always ^^; But yes, the talk without intonation is also important to study.
</div>
</div>
