---
date: 2015-10-25
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">White Chocolate</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Oct 25, 2015 10:19</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
I like white chocolates, and sometimes eat them, but I heard there is little advantage compared to ordinary chocolates.<br/><br/>Chocolates contains polyphenols, which are effective in preventing aging, cancer and arteriosclerosis, while white chocolates don't contains them.<br/><br/>Also, since white chocolates are comsists of just fat and oil of cacao, the calories are higher and the preserving property is lower than chocolates.<br/><br/>A doctor said that white chocolates are the same as the mass of fat and sugar, and he don't recommend that you eat it.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
ホワイトチョコレート<br/><br/>私はホワイトチョコレートが好きで、たまに食べますが、普通のチョコレートと違って利点がほとんど無いようです。<br/><br/>チョコレートにはポリフェノールが含まれ、老化や癌、動脈硬化などを防ぐはたらきがありますが、ホワイトチョコレートには含まれていません。<br/><br/>また、ホワイトチョコレートはほとんどカカオの油脂部分なので、普通のチョコレートよりもカロリーが高く、保存性が低いです。<br/><br/>ある医者は、ホワイトチョコレートは脂肪と砂糖の塊と言い、食べることを推奨していません。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">デクラン</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">White Chocolate</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I like white chocolates, and sometimes eat them, but I heard there is little advantage compared to ordinary chocolates.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I like white chocolates, and <span class="sline">sometimes</span> eat them <span class="f_blue">occasionally</span>, but I heard there is little advantage compared to ordinary chocolates.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Chocolates contains polyphenols, which are effective in preventing aging, cancer and arteriosclerosis, while white chocolates don't contains them.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Regular c</span>hocolates contain<span class="sline">s</span> polyphenols, which are effective in preventing aging, cancer and arteriosclerosis, while white chocolates don't <span class="sline">contains them</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, since white chocolates are comsists of just fat and oil of cacao, the calories are higher and the preserving property is lower than chocolates.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, since white chocolates <span class="f_blue">consist</span> of just fat and <span class="f_blue">cocao oil</span>, the calories are higher and the <span class="f_blue">preservative</span> property is lower than <span class="f_blue">that of regular</span> chocolates.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">A doctor said that white chocolates are the same as the mass of fat and sugar, and he don't recommend that you eat it.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
A doctor said that white chocolates <span class="f_blue">have the same amount</span> of fat and sugar, and he <span class="f_blue">doesn't </span>recommend that you eat it.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :D
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">outdoors</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I like white chocolates, and sometimes eat them, but I heard there is little advantage compared to ordinary chocolates.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I like white chocolate<span class="sline">s</span>, and sometimes <span class="f_blue">I </span>eat <span class="f_blue">it</span> <span class="sline">them</span>, but I heard there is little advantage <span class="f_blue">to eating it </span>compared <span class="sline">to</span> <span class="f_blue">with </span>ordinary chocolate<span class="sline">s</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">I turned it to "white chocolate" (in general) instead of the individual chocolate pieces...</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Chocolates contains polyphenols, which are effective in preventing aging, cancer and arteriosclerosis, while white chocolates don't contains them.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Chocolate<span class="sline">s</span> contains polyphenols, which are effective in preventing aging, cancer and arteriosclerosis, while white chocolate<span class="sline">s</span> do<span class="f_red">es</span>n't contains them.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, since white chocolates are comsists of just fat and oil of cacao, the calories are higher and the preserving property is lower than chocolates.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, since white chocolate<span class="sline">s</span> <span class="sline">are</span> co<span class="f_red">n</span>sists of just fat and oil of cacao, <span class="sline">the</span> <span class="f_red">it's higher </span>calorie<span class="sline">s are higher</span> and <span class="sline">the</span> <span class="f_blue">has lower </span>preserv<span class="f_blue">ative</span> propert<span class="f_blue">ies</span> <span class="sline">is lower</span> than <span class="f_blue">regular </span>chocolate<span class="sline">s</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">I'm not sure if "lower preservative properties" is normal. You mean, "it doesn't keep for as long as chocolate"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">A doctor said that white chocolates are the same as the mass of fat and sugar, and he don't recommend that you eat it.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
A doctor said that white chocolate<span class="sline">s are</span> <span class="f_blue">is just </span><span class="sline">the same as the mass of</span> fat and sugar, and he do<span class="f_red">es</span>n't recommend that you eat it.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 indeed. I don't really like white chocolate anyway ;)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections!<br/>This is a bad news for those who are fond of white chocolate. (T_T)
</div>
</div>
