---
date: 2015-12-15
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Pulling Out Beards</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Dec 15, 2015 11:13</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
As a result of a questionnaire to Japanese 20s-30s men, about 60 percent people pull out their beards on a daily basis.<br/><br/>Although it is not frequently, I also sometimes pull out my beards while thinking algorithms or math problems.<br/><br/>However, this habit involves much danger, such as "ingrown hair," "folliculitis," "comedo," "pigmentation," "dehydrated skin," "hair-pulling disorder."<br/><br/>Therefore, we should shave our beards using a shaver.<br/><br/>By the way, the best shaving time seems to be morning, because our beards are easy to grow at 6:00 to 10:00 a.m.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
髭抜き<br/><br/>日本人男性20代～30代にアンケートをとったところ、日常的に髭を抜く人は60%ほどだったそうです。<br/><br/>私は日常的にではありませんが、アルゴリズムなどを頭で考えるときに、たまに抜くことがあります。<br/><br/>しかしこの行為には、「埋没毛」や「毛のう炎」「ニキビ」「炎症」「色素沈着」「乾燥肌」「抜毛症」など危険がいっぱいです。<br/><br/>そのため、ちゃんと髭剃りで剃るべきだそうです。<br/><br/>ちなみに、髭が最も伸びやすいのは朝6時～10時であるため、朝に剃るのがベストです。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Oceansea</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As a result of a questionnaire to Japanese 20s-30s men, about 60 percent people pull out their beards on a daily basis.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
As a result of a questionnaire to <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">20s-30s</span></span> <span class="f_blue">twenty to thirty-year-old Japanese men</span>, about 60 percent <span class="f_red">of </span>people pull out their beards on a daily basis.
<p class="correction_comment">I think this would be the most common way to say this.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although it is not frequently, I also sometimes pull out my beards while thinking algorithms or math problems.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although it is not <span class="f_blue">frequent</span>, I also sometimes pull out my bear<span class="f_blue">d</span> while thinking <span class="f_blue">about</span> algorithms or math problems.
<p class="correction_comment">"Frequent" is an adjective. It becomes "frequently" (an adverb) when modifying a verb. It is not modifying a verb here.<br/><br/>I frequently go to the store.<br/>I frequently think about math.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, this habit involves much danger, such as "ingrown hair," "folliculitis," "comedo," "pigmentation," "dehydrated skin," "hair-pulling disorder."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, this habit involves much danger, such as "ingrown hair," "folliculitis," "comedo," "pigmentation," "dehydrated skin," <span class="f_gray">or </span>"hair-pulling disorder."
<p class="correction_comment">Its common to put a word such as "or" or "and" before the last item in a list like this.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, we should shave our beards using a shaver.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, we should <span class="f_gray">instead </span>shave our beards using a shaver.
<p class="correction_comment">This is correct.<br/>The word "instead" shows that the shaver is an alternative to pulling the beard out on your own.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, the best shaving time seems to be morning, because our beards are easy to grow at 6:00 to 10:00 a.m.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
By the way, the best shaving time seems to be <span class="f_blue">in the</span> morning, because our beards are easy to grow <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">at </span></span><span class="f_blue">from </span>6:00 to 10:00 a.m.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much again for correcting my post!<br/>I understand well. :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">JMStewy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Pulling Out Beards</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As a result of a questionnaire to Japanese 20s-30s men, about 60 percent people pull out their beards on a daily basis.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red">According to the </span>result of a questionnaire to Japanese 20s-30s men, about 60 percent <span class="f_red">of</span> <span class="f_red">them</span> <span class="f_red">pluck</span> their beards on a daily basis.
<p class="correction_comment">"People" means everyone, and I bet 60% is a little high if we include women :)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although it is not frequently, I also sometimes pull out my beards while thinking algorithms or math problems.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although <span class="sline"><span class="f_gray">it is</span></span> not frequently, I also sometimes pull out my <span class="f_red">beard hairs</span> while thinking <span class="f_red">about</span> algorithms or math problems.
<p class="correction_comment">Or "Although it is not frequent..."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, this habit involves much danger, such as "ingrown hair," "folliculitis," "comedo," "pigmentation," "dehydrated skin," "hair-pulling disorder."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, this habit involves <span class="f_red">many</span> <span class="f_red">dangers</span>, such as "ingrown <span class="f_red">hairs</span>," "folliculitis," "comedo," "pigmentation," "dehydrated skin," <span class="f_red">and</span> "hair-pulling disorder."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, we should shave our beards using a shaver.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, the best shaving time seems to be morning, because our beards are easy to grow at 6:00 to 10:00 a.m.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
By the way, the best shaving time seems to be morning, because our beards are <span class="f_bold">easy to grow</span> at 6:00 to 10:00 a.m.
<p class="correction_comment">I'm not quite sure what you mean with "easy to grow" here, or why that makes morning a better time to shave.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :D<br/><br/>&gt; I'm not quite sure what you mean with "easy to grow" here, or why that makes morning a better time to shave.<br/>Sorry for my confusing English.<br/>I wanted to say something like "Our beards grow quickly especially in the early morning, so we have to shave in the morning."
</div>
</div>
