---
date: 2016-01-12
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Obesity Rate</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Jan 12, 2016 21:55</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
According to a study that summarizes 188 countries data, one third of the world's population seem to be obese.<br/><br/>Furthermore, there are no countries that succeeded in reducing obesity population in the past 33 years.<br/><br/>WHO has defined people with more than 30 BMI as obesity, and in the criteria, about 5% Japanese are obesity.<br/><br/>However, most Japanese develop diabetes before their BMI reach 30, so we can't gain weight in healthy.<br/><br/>For the reason, the Japan Society for the Study of Obesity has defined Japanese people with more than 25 BMI as obesity.<br/><br/>The obesity rate in Japan also tends to increase, but the BMI average value of 10-20's women was decreased.<br/><br/>Most Japanese women desire to lose their weight, and it's said that around one in eight is too skinny.<br/><br/>In particular, the average calorie intake of 20's Japanese women is 1628 kcal, which is lower than the food shortage days immediately after the end of the war, and the number seems exceptionally low level in the world.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
肥満の人口<br/><br/>ある188カ国のデータをまとめた研究によると、世界人口の3分の1が肥満であるそうです。<br/><br/>さらに過去33年間、肥満人口を減らすことに成功した国は一つも無いそうです。<br/><br/>WHOではBMIが30以上を肥満としており、この基準では日本人の約5％が肥満になります。<br/><br/>しかし日本人はBMIが30を超える前に糖尿病などを発病するため、健康的に太ることができません。<br/><br/>そのため、日本肥満学会では日本人に対してBMI25以上を肥満としております。<br/><br/>日本人も肥満人口は増加傾向にありますが、10～20代の女性は減少傾向にありました。<br/><br/>日本人女性は痩せたいと思う願望が強く、8人に1人が痩せすぎて危険だと言われています。<br/><br/>特に20代女性の平均摂取カロリーは1628kcalで、これは食糧難の終戦直後よりも低く、世界的にも異例の低水準だそうです。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">illuzio571</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Obesity Rate</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to a study that summarizes 188 countries data, one third of the world's population seem to be obese.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to a study that summarizes 188 <span class="f_blue">different countries'</span> data, one third of the world's population seem to be obese.
<p class="correction_comment">We say "Different" to point out that this is not 188 pieces of data from one or two countries, but 188 pieces of data from 188 different countries.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Furthermore, there are no countries that succeeded in reducing obesity population in the past 33 years.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Furthermore, there are no countries that succeeded in reducing obesity <span class="sline">population</span> in the past 33 years.
<p class="correction_comment">It's extremely odd (and rude in some countries) to refer to obese people as a population. You can call them a percentage of a population or a part of it, but to call them the "obese population" is politically incorrect</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">WHO has defined people with more than 30 BMI as obesity, and in the criteria, about 5% Japanese are obesity.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
WHO has defined people with more than 30 BMI as obes<span class="f_blue">e</span>, and in the criteria, about 5% Japanese are obes<span class="f_blue">e</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">"obese" is the adjective form, "obesity" is the noun form. You can have obesity, the "ailment". But you can only be "obese"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, most Japanese develop diabetes before their BMI reach 30, so we can't gain weight in healthy.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, most Japanese develop diabetes before their BMI reach 30, so we can't gain weight in <span class="f_blue">a </span>healthy <span class="f_blue">way</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">This is saying "we can not gain weight using a method that is healthy"<br/>Since "healthy" is an adjective, it has to have a noun with it.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">For the reason, the Japan Society for the Study of Obesity has defined Japanese people with more than 25 BMI as obesity.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
For th<span class="f_blue">is</span> reason, the Japan Society for the Study of Obesity has defined Japanese people with more than 25 BMI as obes<span class="f_blue">e</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">We are speaking of a specific reason, so we use this. "The" is very general and sounds awkward in English.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The obesity rate in Japan also tends to increase, but the BMI average value of 10-20's women was decreased.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The obesity rate in Japan <span class="sline">also</span> tends to increase, but the BMI average value of 10-20's women was decreased.
<p class="correction_comment">The use of the word "also" is unneeded here because you aren't adding on to anything from the last sentence or this one. In the last sentence you didn't speak of the obesity rate so it is not needed to add "also" here.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Most Japanese women desire to lose their weight, and it's said that around one in eight is too skinny.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Most Japanese women desire to lose <span class="sline">their</span> weight, and it's said that around <span class="sline">one in eight is too skinny</span> <span class="f_blue">one in eight Japanese women are </span><span class="f_gray">considered</span><span class="f_blue"> too skinny</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">If they lose "their" weight, it's implied they would lose all of their weight, meaning they wouldn't weight anything!~<br/><br/>You have to restate the subject here, re-informing us that's it's Japanese women. While we did just talk about that exact subject, English really likes to restate subjects. You can say "around one in eight Japanese women are too skinny." If this is a formal paper, you should say "are considered too skinny". This is because then it isn't your opinion, but a common one that many people or professionals share.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In particular, the average calorie intake of 20's Japanese women is 1628 kcal, which is lower than the food shortage days immediately after the end of the war, and the number seems exceptionally low level in the world.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In particular, the average calorie intake of <span class="sline">20's</span> Japanese women<span class="f_blue"> in their 20's</span> is 1628 kcal, which is lower than the food shortage days immediately after the end of the war, and the number seems exceptionally low level in the world.
<p class="correction_comment">In English, if we say "20's women" we mean "Women who were born or lived in the 1920s" (this is more common in America).<br/><br/>There are many ways to fix the second half.<br/>You can say any of these sentences and it would be proper:<br/>"and the number seems TO BE an exceptionally low level in the world"<br/>"and the number seems exceptionally low COMPARED TO THE REST OF the world"<br/>"and THIS number seems exceptionally low in THIS world"<br/><br/>If you need explanations on why those work, reply and I can thoroughly explain</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 You English is exceptionally good! You are extremely close to fluent and have a lot of skill with the language! Your only issues are very minor grammar issues that are very different from Japanese to English. Keep on practicing and you'll be a pro in no time. Contact me if you have any questions at all!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
Most Japanese women desire to lose <span class="sline">their</span> weight, and it's said that around <span class="sline">one in eight is too skinny</span> <span class="f_blue">one in eight Japanese women are </span><span class="f_gray">considered</span><span class="f_blue"> too skinny</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">
If they lose "their" weight, it's implied they would lose all of their weight, meaning they wouldn't weight anything!~<br/><br/>You have to restate the subject here, re-informing us that's it's Japanese women. While we did just talk about that exact subject, English really likes to restate subjects. You can say "around one in eight Japanese women are too skinny." If this is a formal paper, you should say "are considered too skinny". This is because then it isn't your opinion, but a common one that many people or professionals share.
</p>
</li>
</ul></div>
Thank you very much for the corrections and helpful comments! :D<br/>Since your explanations are so clear and nice, I understand well.<br/><br/>Allow me to take up your offer and ask you a few questions.<br/>&gt; it's said that around one in eight Japanese women are considered too skinny.<br/>In this part, can I say something like simply "it's considered that around one in eight Japanese women are too skinny?" If I rewrite my sentence like this, will the nuance change?<br/><br/>Also, if there is corroborative evidence, should/can I use "thought" instead of "consider?" Actually, both "it's thought" and "it's considered" are expressed using the same word in Japanese, so I am often confused.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">illuzio571</span><br>
Your sample sentence would work just fine. To consider vs. To think is kinda odd in English. There is a definite difference, mostly with how we just view the words. You would want to say consider because this is formal. In this situation you could say "are considered too skinny" and "are thought to be too skinny". If you say "considered" you're giving the idea that this is a statistical view and it's formal. If you say "thought to be" you're giving the idea that society believes they are too skinny, adding some opinion into the statement.<br/><br/>It's all about connotation (how we view words and their meaning) such as "She tossed to pencil to Johnny" (a light throw to him) vs. "She threw the pencil at Johnny" (she threw the pencil as hard as she could at him)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the kind explanation! :)<br/>I learned something new and understand well! Actually, only one Japanese website explains the difference between "thought" and "considered," but the information seems to be wrong.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">WHO has defined people with more than 30 BMI as obesity, and in the criteria, about 5% Japanese are obesity.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
WHO has defined people with more than 30 BMI as obesity, and in the criteria, about 5% Japanese are <span class="f_blue">suffering from</span> obesity (or: <span class="f_blue">overweight</span>).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The obesity rate in Japan also tends to increase, but the BMI average value of 10-20's women was decreased.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The obesity rate in Japan also tends to increase, but the BMI average value <span class="f_blue">among</span> women <span class="f_blue">aged</span> 10-20 <span class="f_blue">has </span>decreased.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In particular, the average calorie intake of 20's Japanese women is 1628 kcal, which is lower than the food shortage days immediately after the end of the war, and the number seems exceptionally low level in the world.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In particular, the average calorie intake of Japanese women in their twenties is 1628 kcal, which is lower than <span class="f_blue">during</span> the food shortage days immediately after the end of the war, and the number seems exceptionally low <span class="f_blue">compared to other countries</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting! It is believed that Japanese eat healthier and and in smaller quantities than Europeans and Americans.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post! :)<br/>&gt; It is believed that Japanese eat healthier and and in smaller quantities than Europeans and Americans.<br/>Yes, we also think so, but maybe we consume salt too much, haha.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^<br/><br/>&gt;Yes, we also think so, but maybe we consume salt too much, haha.<br/><br/>Yeah, I remember you wrote about this some time ago.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
How kind of you to remember my post (^-^)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
&gt;How kind of you to remember my post (^-^)<br/>It's nothing^_^
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to a study that summarizes 188 countries data, one third of the world's population seem to be obese.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to a study that summarizes data from 188 different countries, one third of the world's population seems to be obese.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, most Japanese develop diabetes before their BMI reach 30, so we can't gain weight in healthy.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, most Japanese develop diabetes before their BMI reaches 30, so we can't gain weight in a healthy way.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 面白い！新しい言葉を習いました。
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting me! (^-^)
</div>
</div>
