---
date: 2016-02-21
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Kaminari-sama (Mr. Thunder)</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Feb 21, 2016 12:57</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
In Japan, there is a popular belief that Kaminari-sama (Mr. Thunder) falls from the sky and picks your belly button.<br/><br/>Therefore, we are taught to hide our belly buttons when we hear a peal of thunder.<br/><br/>It might sound strange, but there are rational reasons.<br/><br/>When a thunderstorm comes, especially it is due to a cold front, it causes an extreme drop in temperature.<br/><br/>For this reason, you have to cover your belly button so as not to cool your stomach.<br/><br/>It is said that this belief was created to prevent children from catching a cold.<br/><br/>Also, there is also another reason to avoid lightning strike by hiding your belly button and lowering your head position.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
雷さま<br/><br/>日本には、雷さまがへそを取りにくる、という俗信があります。<br/><br/>そのため、雷が鳴ったらおへそを隠すように教わります。<br/><br/>不思議な話に思えるかもしれませんが、これには合理的な理由があります。<br/><br/>雷雨、特に寒冷前線による雷雨の場合、気温が急激に低下します。<br/><br/>そのため、へそを隠してお腹を冷やさないようにする必要があります。<br/><br/>雷さまがへそを取りにくる、というのは、子ども達が風邪を引かないようにするための工夫です。<br/><br/>また、へそを隠す姿勢によって頭の位置を低くさせ、雷が落ちにくくするようにという理由もあるそうです。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">nateenglishlab </span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Thunder) falls from the sky and picks your belly button.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Thunder) falls from the sky and picks your belly button.
<p class="correction_comment">I can't imagine what "pick your belly button" means. mo hitotsu no bunsho de motto setsumei shittara omoroi to omoi kedo...</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, we are taught to hide our belly buttons when we hear a peal of thunder.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, we are taught to hide our belly buttons when we hear <span class="sline">a pea</span>l <span class="f_red">the roar </span>of thunder.
<p class="correction_comment">tabun "a peal" ha daijoubu kedo, watashi "roar" toka "clap" iu, tabun amerikajin dakara "peal" kitakotonai</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It might sound strange, but there are rational reasons.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It might sound strange, but there <span class="sline">are</span> <span class="f_red">is a </span>rational reason<span class="sline">s</span> <span class="f_red">for this.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When a thunderstorm comes, especially it is due to a cold front, it causes an extreme drop in temperature.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
When a thunderstorm comes, <span class="sline">especially</span> it is <span class="f_red">frequently </span>due to a cold front, <span class="sline">it</span> <span class="f_red">which </span>causes an extreme drop in temperature.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">For this reason, you have to cover your belly button so as not to cool your stomach.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
For this reason, you have to cover your belly button so as not to <span class="f_red">let your stomach get too cold. </span><span class="sline">cool your stomach.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">watashi no ime-ji ha "cool" ga ii koto dakara "too cold" tsukatta.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, there is also another reason to avoid lightning strike by hiding your belly button and lowering your head position.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, <span class="sline">there is also</span> <span class="f_red">a</span>nother reason <span class="f_red">is that</span> hiding your belly button and lowering your head position <span class="f_red">is a way to </span>avoid <span class="f_red">getting hit by </span>lightning.
<p class="correction_comment">"hit by lightning" to "struck by lightning", dochidemo ii.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Cool info! You should write a blog for people learning Japanese! omoroi!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">nateenglishlab </span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
It might sound strange, but there <span class="sline">are</span> <span class="f_red">is a </span>rational reason<span class="sline">s</span> <span class="f_red">for this.</span>
</li>
</ul></div>
ah, there are two reasons, so I made a mistake, "...but there are a few rational reasons for this." g ii
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>I'm glad to hear you say that :)<br/>I'd like to write a blog in the near future.<br/><br/>&gt; I can't imagine what "pick your belly button" means. mo hitotsu no bunsho de motto setsumei shittara omoroi to omoi kedo...<br/><br/>I'm sorry, it might be difficult to imagine indeed. <br/>It's said that Kaminari-sama picks your belly buttons using a tool just like a bottle opener to eat them. I think the scene is similar to opening bottles of beer.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">nateenglishlab </span><br>
I see, thanks for the explanation. In this case, what does "pick" actually mean? Pick has lots of meanings. I can imagine opening a bottle of beer with a bottle opener, but I can't imagine using that tool to "open" your belly button? hmmmm... also, you say "to eat them", what is "them"? omoshiroi ne!
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Oh, sorry for my confusing English.<br/>I think "pick" means something like "dig" in this case.<br/>(Or, "pick" of "pick your nose," or "take" of "take boogers out")<br/>Kaminari-sama digs your belly button, and eats the belly button.<br/>Actually, it's also difficult for us to imagine it.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">nateenglishlab </span><br>
I got it! thanks for the example. 
</div>
</div>
