---
date: 2016-05-19
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Regular Holidays of Beauty Salons</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>May 19, 2016 10:39</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Japanese beauty salons (and barber shops) are closed every Tuesday in the Kanto region, and every Monday in the other regions.<br/><br/>Around the Second World War, Japan had faced a shortage of electricity.<br/><br/>For this reason, Monday or Tuesday had established as Electricity Outage Day, and most electricity supplies had stopped on the day.<br/><br/>On the other hand, electric perms that had been performed in beauty salons needed a lot of electricity.<br/><br/>Hence, beauty salons were forced to be closed on Mondays or Tuesdays.<br/><br/>This custom has remained until today, and there are many beauty salons that close on Mondays or Tuesdays.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
美容院の定休日<br/><br/>日本の美容院は、関東では火曜日、それ以外では火曜日であることが多いです。<br/><br/>第二次世界大戦前後の日本は、深刻な電力不足に陥っていました。<br/><br/>このため、月曜や火曜を電力供給をストップする休電日として定めていたようです。<br/><br/>一方、かつて美容院で行われていたパーマは電気パーマと呼ばれ、大量の電機を消費するものでした。<br/><br/>従って、美容院は月曜、もしくは火曜を定休日にせざるを得ませんでした。<br/><br/>この名残から、現在でも月・火を定休日としている美容院が多いようです。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Amm0nius</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Around the Second World War, Japan had faced a shortage of electricity.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Around the Second World War, Japan <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">had </span></span>faced a shortage of electricity.
<p class="correction_comment">"Faced", already indicates past tense, so you do not need the "had".</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">For this reason, Monday or Tuesday had established as Electricity Outage Day, and most electricity supplies had stopped on the day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
For this reason, Monday <span class="f_red">and</span><span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">or</span></span> Tuesday <span class="f_red">were</span><span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">had</span></span> established as Electricity Outage Day, and most electricity supplies <span class="f_red">were</span><span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">had</span></span> stopped on th<span class="f_red">at</span><span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">e</span></span> day.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">On the other hand, electric perms that had been performed in beauty salons needed a lot of electricity.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">On the other hand, e</span></span><span class="f_red">E</span>lectric perms that had been performed in beauty salons needed a lot of electricity.
<p class="correction_comment">Your grammar was good, you just didn't need to say "On the other hand". It is just general writing advice.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">ピポ</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Japanese beauty salons (and barber shops) are closed every Tuesday in the Kanto region, and every Monday in the other regions.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Around the Second World War, Japan had faced a shortage of electricity.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">During</span> the Second World War, Japan had faced a shortage of electricity.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">For this reason, Monday or Tuesday had established as Electricity Outage Day, and most electricity supplies had stopped on the day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
For this reason, Monday or Tuesday <span class="f_blue">was</span> established as Electricity Outage Day, and most electricity supplies <span class="f_blue">were cut off</span> on the day.
<p class="correction_comment">cut off ≈ turned off ≈ powered off ≈ 電気を消す</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">On the other hand, electric perms that had been performed in beauty salons needed a lot of electricity.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
On the other hand, electric perms that had been performed in beauty salons needed a lot of electricity.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Hence, beauty salons were forced to be closed on Mondays or Tuesdays.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Hence, beauty salons were forced to be closed on <span class="f_blue">either</span> Mondays or Tuesdays.
<p class="correction_comment">eitherの方はぺらぺららしいです。</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This custom has remained until today, and there are many beauty salons that close on Mondays or Tuesdays.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This custom has remained <span class="f_blue">even</span> until today, and there are many beauty salons that <span class="f_blue">still </span>close on Mondays or Tuesdays.
<p class="correction_comment">「even」を除くと、今日にあなたはこの仕方を止めたいことらしいです。(文章残りを聞くことの前に)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 面白い！
 <br/>
 米国には、多いの小さい店は日曜日に閉店する。
 <br/>
 チックフィレイは大きなレストランのにまだ日曜日に閉店する。
 <br/>
 教会員は日曜日の朝に大会するから。
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>なるほど、礼拝があるから日曜日はお休みなんですね :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">マーセル</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Japanese beauty salons (and barber shops) are closed every Tuesday in the Kanto region, and every Monday in the other regions.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Japanese beauty salons (and barber shops) are <span class="f_blue">always </span>closed <span class="f_blue">Tuesdays</span> in the Kanto region, and <span class="f_blue">Mondays</span> in the other regions.
<p class="correction_comment">This form makes it sound more like something that's been going on for a long time.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Around the Second World War, Japan had faced a shortage of electricity.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Around the Second World War, Japan faced <span class="f_blue">an electricity crisis</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">Just an alternative.<br/><br/>About the "had" thing, I agree that it shouldn't be there, but that's not because the tense is already indicated by "faced". The past perfect tense is used for example for actions that took place before some other point in the past we're describing. Confusing? Example:<br/><br/>I went to church. I had cooked the soup.<br/><br/>Meaning: I cooked the soup before going to church.<br/><br/>I went to church. I cooked the soup.<br/><br/>Meaning. I went to church, then I cooked the soup.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Hence, beauty salons were forced to be closed on Mondays or Tuesdays.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Hence, beauty salons were forced to <span class="f_blue">close </span>on Mondays or Tuesdays.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This custom has remained until today, and there are many beauty salons that close on Mondays or Tuesdays.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This custom <span class="f_blue">still remains</span>, and there are many beauty salons that close on Mondays or Tuesdays.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I'm in awe of your output.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post!<br/>I misunderstood the usage of past perfect tenses.<br/>&gt; I'm in awe of your output.<br/>It's just my daily routine, haha.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">マーセル</span><br>
Yeah, clearly - a daily routine is the way to go in so many projects, isn't it?
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Yes, I believe so :)
</div>
</div>
