---
date: 2016-07-18
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Marine Day</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Jul 18, 2016 09:37</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, the third Monday of July is Marine Day.<br/><br/>Marine Day is one of Japanese national holidays, and we wish prosperity of maritime nation Japan while thanking to the benefits of the sea on the day.<br/><br/>This day comes from the day called sea anniversary (July 20th), on which we celebrated that Emperor Meiji returned safely to Yokohama Prefecture from Aomori Prefecture by a patrol boat in 1876.<br/><br/>I heard that only Japan established Marine Day as a national holiday among the world.<br/><br/>By the way, "Mountain Day" was established as a national holiday of Japan in 2016.<br/><br/>I will talk about Mountain Day on August 11th, 2016, which is the day for the first time Mountain Day comes.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
海の日<br/><br/>今日、7月の第3月曜日は海の日です。<br/><br/>海の日は日本の祝日の一つで、海の恩恵に感謝するとともに、海洋国日本の繁栄を願う日です。<br/><br/>これは、1876年に明治天皇が青森から横浜に巡視船で無事帰着された日（7月20日）を祝う「海の記念日」に由来します。<br/><br/>世界で「海の日」を国民の祝日としている国は、日本だけだそうです。<br/><br/>ちなみに、今年から「山の日」が国民の祝日として施工されました。<br/><br/>初めての山の日である2016年8月11日には、山の日に関する記事を書こうと思います。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">preciousinkpen</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Marine Day</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, the third Monday of July is Marine Day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, the third Monday of July<span class="f_blue">,</span> is Marine Day.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Marine Day is one of Japanese national holidays, and we wish prosperity of maritime nation Japan while thanking to the benefits of the sea on the day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Marine Day is one of Japan<span class="f_blue">'s</span> national holidays, and we wish prosperity <span class="f_blue">for the </span>maritime nation <span class="f_blue">of </span>Japan while <span class="f_blue">being thankful for</span> the benefits of the sea on <span class="f_blue">this </span>day.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This day comes from the day called sea anniversary (July 20th), on which we celebrated that Emperor Meiji returned safely to Yokohama Prefecture from Aomori Prefecture by a patrol boat in 1876.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This day comes from <span class="f_blue">a</span> day called Sea Anniversary (July 20th), on which we celebrate <span class="f_blue">when </span>Emperor Meiji returned safely to Yokohama Prefecture from Aomori Prefecture by a patrol boat in 1876.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I heard that only Japan established Marine Day as a national holiday among the world.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I heard that only Japan established Marine Day as a national holiday among<span class="f_blue">st every other country in </span>the world.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, "Mountain Day" was established as a national holiday of Japan in 2016.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
By the way, "Mountain Day" was established as a national holiday <span class="f_blue">for</span> Japan in 2016.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I will talk about Mountain Day on August 11th, 2016, which is the day for the first time Mountain Day comes.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I will talk about Mountain Day on August 11th, 2016, which <span class="f_blue">will be the</span> first time Mountain Day comes.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Great job!!! This is my first time hearing about Marine Day. It sounds really interesting! I will anticipate your entry on Mountain Day. Have a nice day. ^^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/>I hope my entry on Mountain Day will become informative information for you (^^)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Chris</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I heard that only Japan established Marine Day as a national holiday among the world.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I heard that <span class="f_blue">Japan is the only country in the world to have established a Marine Day.</span>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Chris</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
I heard that <span class="f_blue">Japan is the only country in the world to have established a Marine Day.</span>
</li>
</ul></div>
I meant to write:<br/>"I heard that Japan is the only country in the world to have established a Marine Day as a national holiday."
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction!<br/>I learned the ideal wording :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">closed</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Marine Day</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Marine Day is one of Japanese national holidays, and we wish prosperity of maritime nation Japan while thanking to the benefits of the sea on the day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Marine Day is <span class="f_red">a</span> Japanese national <span class="f_red">holiday</span>, and we wish <span class="f_red">for the</span> prosperity of <span class="f_blue">maritime nation of </span>Japan<span class="f_red"> </span>while <span class="f_blue">giving thanks </span>to the benefits of the sea on <span class="f_red">this</span> day.
<p class="correction_comment">海の日は日本の祝日の一つで、海の恩恵に感謝するとともに、海洋国日本の繁栄を願う日です。</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I heard that only Japan established Marine Day as a national holiday among the world.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I heard that <span class="sline">only</span> Japan <span class="f_blue">is the only country in the world that </span>established Marine Day as a national holiday.
<p class="correction_comment">世界で「海の日」を国民の祝日としている国は、日本だけだそうです。</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, "Mountain Day" was established as a national holiday of Japan in 2016.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Nice, informative entry.  Looking forward to August 11th.  I want to know what it's about.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! (^^)<br/>&gt; Looking forward to August 11th. I want to know what it's about.<br/>Don't miss it!
</div>
</div>
