---
date: 2017-02-23
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Detarame</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Feb 23, 2017 13:10</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I will talk about the Japanese word "detarame."<br/><br/>"Detarame" means incoherent, disorganized, or irresponsible things.<br/><br/>This word has been used since the Edo period, and it is thought that this was derived from gambling using dice.<br/><br/>The theory is something like the following:<br/><br/>The literal meaning of "me" of "detarame" is "eyes," and it means the number of spots on dice.<br/><br/>Also, "detarame" is the abbreviation form of "detara sono me," which means "depending on the number of spots on dice."<br/><br/>That is to say, it expresses that you say/do something irresponsible depending on dice.<br/><br/>It can be written as "出鱈目" in kanji, but "鱈" (meaning Pacific cod) is a phonetic equivalent, and fish isn't related to this word.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
でたらめ<br/><br/>今日は「でたらめ」という日本語を紹介します。<br/><br/>「でたらめ」は、いい加減なことや、首尾一貫していないことを表す言葉です。<br/><br/>この言葉は江戸時代から使われており、サイコロ賭博に由来すると考えられています。<br/><br/>「め」はサイコロの目を意味し、「でたらめ」は「出たらその（サイコロの）目」の省略というものです。<br/><br/>つまり、サイコロを振って、出た目に従っていい加減な発言や行動をする、ということです。<br/><br/>漢字で書くと「出鱈目」となりますが、これは当て字で、魚の「鱈」は全く関係ありません。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">oignonmere</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I will talk about the Japanese word "detarame."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today I will talk about the Japanese word "detarame<span class="f_blue">"</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The literal meaning of "me" of "detarame" is "eyes," and it means the number of spots on dice.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The literal meaning of "me" <span class="f_blue">in </span><span class="sline">of </span>"detarame" is "eyes," and it means the number of spots on dice.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, "detarame" is the abbreviation form of "detara sono me," which means "depending on the number of spots on dice."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, "detarame" is the abbreviat<span class="f_blue">ed</span> form of "detara sono me<span class="f_blue">"</span>, which means "depending on the number of spots on dice<span class="f_blue">"</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">That is to say, it expresses that you say/do something irresponsible depending on dice.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
That is to say, it expresses that you say/do something irresponsible depending on<span class="f_blue"> what you get when you roll </span>dice.
<p class="correction_comment">This is what I think you meant, but I wasn't sure?</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/>&gt; This is what I think you meant, but I wasn't sure?<br/>Yes, that is what I wanted to say :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">SnapDragon</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I will talk about the Japanese word "detarame."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Detarame" means incoherent, disorganized, or irresponsible things.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This word has been used since the Edo period, and it is thought that this was derived from gambling using dice.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This word has been used since the Edo period, and it is thought that <span class="f_red">it</span> was derived from gambling using dice.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The theory is something like the following:</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The literal meaning of "me" of "detarame" is "eyes," and it means the number of spots on dice.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The literal meaning of <span class="f_blue">the</span> "me" of "detarame" is "eyes," and it means the number of spots on <span class="f_blue">a die face</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, "detarame" is the abbreviation form of "detara sono me," which means "depending on the number of spots on dice."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, "detarame" is <span class="f_blue">an abbreviation </span>of "detara sono me," which means "depending on the number of spots on dice."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">That is to say, it expresses that you say/do something irresponsible depending on dice.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
That is to say, it expresses that you say/do something irresponsible depending on <span class="f_blue">the roll of a die</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It can be written as "出鱈目" in kanji, but "鱈" (meaning Pacific cod) is a phonetic equivalent, and fish isn't related to this word.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 That's really interesting! Is this word used in everyday conversation?
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)<br/><br/>&gt; Is this word used in everyday conversation?<br/>Yes, it is used in everyday conversation. However, young people might not use it very much.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">SnapDragon</span><br>
I ask because I saw it in one of my textbooks, and translated it as 'inaccurate', like 'in accurate news story'. I wondered if it's use was perhaps a bit rare?
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
I think that detarame can be translated to various English words, such as randomly, gibberish, haphazard, inaccurate, etc. It's not strange at all to translate "detarame na news" into "inaccurate news story."
</div>
</div>
