---
date: 2017-04-25
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Jaku Niku Kyo Shoku (The Jungle Law)</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Apr 25, 2017 19:47</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I will talk about the four-character idiom "jaku niku kyo shoku" (弱肉強食).<br/><br/>"Jaku" means "weak," "niku" means "meat," "kyo" means "strong," "shoku" means "eat," and this idiom means a world/society that weak ones become preys of strong ones -- the results depends directly on the differences in ability.<br/><br/>This idiom comes from "弱之肉、強之食," meaning "weak is the meat, strong eats it," written by a Chinese literati called Han Yu.<br/><br/>Before biology was developed, since people thought that carnivorous animals were strong and herbivorous animals were just preys, such an idiom was born by applying it to human society.<br/><br/>However, recently it has been cleared that predation is not easy in actual nature, and the number of herbivorous animals greatly affect the survival of carnivorous animals.<br/><br/>Therefore, it is said that "kyozon kyoei" (co-existence and co-prosperity) or "tekisha seizon" (survival of the fittest) is more appropriate than "jaku niku kyo shoku" as a term for describing the natural world (the jungle law).
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
弱肉強食<br/><br/>今日は「弱肉強食」という四字熟語を紹介します。<br/><br/>「弱肉強食」は漢字が意味するとおり、弱い者が強い者の餌食や犠牲になるような、実力の違いが結果を生む世界を表します。<br/><br/>この四字熟語は、韓愈の「韓愈・送浮屠文暢師序」にある、「弱之肉、強之食」（弱きの肉は、強きの食なり）から来ています。<br/><br/>生物学の発達していない近代以前では、肉食獣こそが強者、草食獣は捕食されるだけの弱者とみなし、これを人間社会にあてはめることで、この言葉が生まれました。<br/><br/>しかし現在では、実際の自然界では捕食は決して容易ではなく、草食獣の増減が肉食獣の生存に大きく影響を与えるなど、生態系のバランスが明らかになってきています。<br/><br/>このため、自然界においては「弱肉強食」ではなく「共存共栄」や「適者生存」という四字熟語のほうが適切だとも言われています。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">エイミー</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Jaku Niku Kyo Shoku (The Jungle Law)</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I will talk about the four-character idiom "jaku niku kyo shoku" (弱肉強食).</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Jaku" means "weak," "niku" means "meat," "kyo" means "strong," "shoku" means "eat," and this idiom means a world/society that weak ones become preys of strong ones -- the results depends directly on the differences in ability.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
"Jaku" means "weak," "niku" means "meat," "kyo" means "strong," <span class="f_blue">and </span>"shoku" means "eat,"<span class="f_blue">.</span> <span class="f_blue">T</span>his idiom means a world/society <span class="f_blue">where</span> <span class="f_blue">the </span>weak ones become <span class="f_blue">the </span>preys of <span class="f_blue">the </span>strong ones -- the results depend<span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">s</span></span> directly on the differences in ability.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This idiom comes from "弱之肉、強之食," meaning "weak is the meat, strong eats it," written by a Chinese literati called Han Yu.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This idiom comes from "弱之肉、強之食," meaning "<span class="f_blue">the </span>weak is the meat, <span class="f_blue">the </span>strong eats <span class="f_blue">the weak</span>," written by a Chinese literati called Han Yu.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Before biology was developed, since people thought that carnivorous animals were strong and herbivorous animals were just preys, such an idiom was born by applying it to human society.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Before biology was developed, <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">since</span></span> people thought that carnivorous animals were strong and herbivorous animals were just preys, such an idiom was born by applying it to human society.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, recently it has been cleared that predation is not easy in actual nature, and the number of herbivorous animals greatly affect the survival of carnivorous animals.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, recently it has been <span class="f_blue">realised</span> that predation <span class="f_blue">can</span>not eas<span class="f_blue">ily be applied</span> <span class="f_blue">to</span> actual nature, and the number of herbivorous animals greatly affect the survival of carnivorous animals.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, it is said that "kyozon kyoei" (co-existence and co-prosperity) or "tekisha seizon" (survival of the fittest) is more appropriate than "jaku niku kyo shoku" as a term for describing the natural world (the jungle law).</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">エイミー</span><br>
you're welcome :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">MonoChrono</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Jaku Niku Kyo Shoku (The Jungle Law)</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Jaku Niku Kyo Shoku (The <span class="f_gray">Jungle</span> Law <span class="f_blue">of the Jungle</span>)
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Jaku" means "weak," "niku" means "meat," "kyo" means "strong," "shoku" means "eat," and this idiom means a world/society that weak ones become preys of strong ones -- the results depends directly on the differences in ability.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
"Jaku" means "weak," "niku" means "meat," "kyo" means "strong," "shoku" means "eat," and this idiom means a world/society <span class="sline"><span class="f_gray">that</span></span> <span class="f_blue">where the </span>weak ones become <span class="f_blue">the</span> prey<span class="f_blue">[</span><span class="f_gray">s]</span> of <span class="f_blue">the</span> strong ones -- the results depends directly on the differences in ability.
<p class="correction_comment">The word "prey" is generally only used in the singular form.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Before biology was developed, since people thought that carnivorous animals were strong and herbivorous animals were just preys, such an idiom was born by applying it to human society.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Before biology was developed, <span class="f_blue">before/</span><span class="f_gray">since</span> people thought that carnivorous animals were strong and herbivorous animals were just prey<span class="sline"><span class="f_gray">s</span></span>, such an idiom was born by applying <span class="f_gray">(this way of thinking/it</span><span class="f_blue">)</span> to human society.
<p class="correction_comment">It's best to be careful when using the word "since" in a sentence describing time. "Since" also means "the duration from the beginning of something until now".<br/>"By applying it" is grammatically correct, but it sounds strange logically. The "it", if it refers to the idiom, makes the sentence sound paradoxical. If an idiom is born by being applied, then it's unclear how its words were formed in the first place.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, it is said that "kyozon kyoei" (co-existence and co-prosperity) or "tekisha seizon" (survival of the fittest) is more appropriate than "jaku niku kyo shoku" as a term for describing the natural world (the jungle law).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, it is said that "kyozon kyoei" (co-existence and co-prosperity) or "tekisha seizon" (survival of the fittest) is more appropriate than "jaku niku kyo shoku" as a term for describing the natural world (the <span class="f_gray">jungle</span> law <span class="f_blue">of the jungle</span>).
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 A very well-written post. Good job.
 <br/>
 As a side note: the more accurate term "survival of the fittest" is sometimes wrongly applied too. (For example, to situations where competition is not natural.)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for the corrections and helpful comments!<br/>I learned something new :)<br/><br/>&gt; It's best to be careful when using the word "since" in a sentence describing time. <br/>Actually, in this sentence, I wanted to use "since" to mean something like "because."
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">MonoChrono</span><br>
どういたしまして。<br/><br/>I know that's how you wanted to use "since". That's why I said you should be careful.
</div>
</div>
