---
date: 2017-06-20
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Hebereke (へべれけ)</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Jun 20, 2017 20:53</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
I have come into a state called "hebereke" (へべれけ) several times.<br/><br/>Hebereke is a term that means that someone gets drunk too much to lose his/her consciousness or memory.<br/><br/>There is a theory that this term comes from the Greek word, "Hebe erryake," which means something like "Hebe pours alcohol."<br/><br/>Here, Hebe is the goddess who controls the youth in Greek mythology.<br/><br/>However, it's not sure whether or not this etymology is correct.<br/><br/>Incidentally, there is another theory that says that it comes from the Japanese onomatopoeia, "hero hero" and "bero bero," which can refer to a drunk state.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
へべれけ<br/><br/>私は何度か「へべれけ」になったことがあります。<br/><br/>へべれけとは、意識や記憶がなくなるほど、ひどく酒に酔ったさまを表す言葉です。<br/><br/>この言葉は、ギリシャ語の "Hebe erryeke" (ヘーベーのお酌) から来ているという説があります。<br/><br/>ヘーベーとはギリシャ神話の青春を司る女神のことです。<br/><br/>しかし、正確な語源はわかっておりません。<br/><br/>他には、日本語で酔っ払っていることを表す擬態語「へろへろ」や「べろべろ」から来ているという説があります。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Here, Hebe is the goddess who controls the youth in Greek mythology.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Here, Hebe is the goddess <span class="f_blue">of</span> the youth in Greek mythology.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, it's not sure whether or not this etymology is correct.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, it's not <span class="f_blue">clear </span>whether or not this etymology is correct.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Be careful! There is only one step from the へべれけ to the 泥酔 ^_^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post! (^^)<br/>Yes, I really have to be careful because I'm not a student anymore, haha. By the way, I think that へべれけ and 泥酔 are used as almost the same meaning.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^<br/><br/>&gt;By the way, I think that へべれけ and 泥酔 are used as almost the same meaning.<br/><br/>Oh, really. I thought that 泥酔 is a highest level of drunkenness, close to the level of alcohol poisoning. Thank you for clearing that out. 
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">南蛮人</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I have come into a state called "hebereke" (へべれけ) several times.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I have <span class="sline"><span class="f_gray">come into a state called</span></span> <span class="f_gray">become</span> "hebereke" (へべれけ) several times.
<p class="correction_comment">Sounded a bit strange</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Hebereke is a term that means that someone gets drunk too much to lose his/her consciousness or memory.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Hebereke is a term that means that someone gets <span class="f_gray">so </span>drunk <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">too much</span></span> <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">to</span></span> <span class="f_gray">that he</span> lose<span class="f_gray">s</span> his/her consciousness or memory.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There is a theory that this term comes from the Greek word, "Hebe erryake," which means something like "Hebe pours alcohol."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
There is a theory that this term comes from the Greek <span class="f_blue">expression</span> <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">word</span></span>, "Hebe erryake," which means something like "Hebe pours alcohol."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Here, Hebe is the goddess who controls the youth in Greek mythology.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Here, Hebe is the goddess <span class="f_blue">of</span> <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">who controls</span> <span class="f_red">the</span></span> youth in Greek mythology.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Incidentally, there is another theory that says that it comes from the Japanese onomatopoeia, "hero hero" and "bero bero," which can refer to a drunk state.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! (^^)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">David</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I have come into a state called "hebereke" (へべれけ) several times.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I have fallen into a state called "hebereke" (へべれけ) several times.
<p class="correction_comment">come into --&gt; fallen into --&gt; Your term is perfectly acceptable but it has a neutral sort of context that doesn't take advantage of your topic. It's been traditional in the west to consider overindulging as a negative thing. For example, there is an old fashioned idiom that may still be in use today that covers this situation: "You fell off the wagon." <br/><br/>I've been "hebereke" (へべれけ) several times.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Hebereke is a term that means that someone gets drunk too much to lose his/her consciousness or memory.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Hebereke is a term that is used when someone drinks too much and then passes out or blacks out.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Just a for what it's worth (fwiw). I don't know what the proper way is to include non English terms within an English sentence so I'm just going to treat them as if they were an English word.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 If you find a better method than I'm going to use documented someplace please let me know and I'll change my practice. If I feel like it. ;o)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post!<br/>Sorry I'm not sure about the proper way, but I think that you way is fine :)
</div>
</div>
