---
date: 2018-02-08
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Isse Ichidai (一世一代 - Something of One's Life)</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Feb 8, 2018 18:40</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today may be a very important day called 一世一代 (isse ichidai) for me.<br/><br/>The four-character idiom, "isse ichidai," means an important thing of your lifetime or an important event that it might never happen.<br/><br/>Here, both 一世 (isse) and 一代 (ichidai) are words that mean a human life.<br/><br/>Originally, this idiom was used for meaning that a kabuki (traditional Japanese drama performed by male actors) actor played a performance that he could do best in his last stage.<br/><br/>Such a performance in the last stage is of course a very important event that could never happen again in the future.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
一世一代<br/><br/>今日は私にとって、「一世一代」の重要な日かもしれません。<br/><br/>「一世一代」とは、一生に一度だけであることや、二度とないほど重要な出来事であることを表す四字熟語です。<br/><br/>「一世」と「一代」はどちらも、人の一生を意味する言葉です。<br/><br/>もともとこの言葉は、歌舞伎役者が引退するときに、最後の舞台で最も得意な芸を演じることを指していたようです。<br/><br/>引退するときの最後の舞台は、まさに一生に一度しか訪れない重要なことです。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Fifi</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The four-character idiom, "isse ichidai," means an important thing of your lifetime or an important event that it might never happen.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The four-character idiom, "isse ichidai," means an important thing of your lifetime or an important event that<span class="f_red"><span class="sline"> it</span></span> might never happen <span class="f_blue">again</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Originally, this idiom was used for meaning that a kabuki (traditional Japanese drama performed by male actors) actor played a performance that he could do best in his last stage.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Originally, this idiom was used <span class="f_red">to mean</span> that a kabuki (traditional Japanese drama performed by male actors) actor<span class="f_blue"> made</span> a performance <span class="f_blue">and</span> he could do <span class="f_red">his </span>best in his last stage <span class="f_blue">appearance</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Such a performance in the last stage is of course a very important event that could never happen again in the future.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Such a performance <span class="f_blue">of the last stage appearance</span> is of course a very important event that could never happen again in the future.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I made it a little more natural today.  Very interesting post.  I hope your day goes well.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections and kind comment!<br/>I was so excited :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Finn</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today may be a very important day called 一世一代 (isse ichidai) for me.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today may be a very important day <span class="f_red">for me, something </span>called 一世一代 (isse ichidai) <span class="sline">for me.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The four-character idiom, "isse ichidai," means an important thing of your lifetime or an important event that it might never happen.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The four-character idiom, "isse ichidai," means an important thing <span class="sline">of</span> <span class="f_red">to</span> your life<span class="sline">time</span> or an important event that <span class="sline">it </span>might never happen <span class="f_red">again</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Here, both 一世 (isse) and 一代 (ichidai) are words that mean a human life.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Originally, this idiom was used for meaning that a kabuki (traditional Japanese drama performed by male actors) actor played a performance that he could do best in his last stage.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Originally, this idiom was <span class="sline">used for meaning that</span> <span class="f_red">when</span> a kabuki (traditional Japanese drama performed by male actors) actor played <span class="sline">a</span> <span class="f_red">the best</span> performance that he could <span class="f_red">possibly </span>do <span class="sline">best</span> in his last <span class="sline">stage</span> <span class="f_red">show</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Such a performance in the last stage is of course a very important event that could never happen again in the future.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections! :)
</div>
</div>
