---
date: 2014-12-25
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Large Cleaning and A Year End Party</h1>
<div class="date">Dec 25, 2014 23:54</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, we performed a large cleaning of the end of the year.<br/><br/>I was so tired because we cleaned every nook and corner.<br/><br/>However, our room became clean and its environment is really comfortable. <br/><br/>After that, we held a year end party again.<br/><br/>It's the fourth time we had held the party this year.<br/><br/>We ate a hot pot cooking while watching a movie of Doraemon.<br/>（Draemon is a Japanese animation character famous in Japan.）<br/><br/>When I watched the Draemon animation, I relived my childhood and sentimentalized.<br/><br/>Ah, I'm already an adult ....
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
今日は、研究室で年末の大掃除をしました。<br/><br/>部屋の隅から隅まで綺麗にしたので、とても疲れました。<br/><br/>しかし、我々の部屋は綺麗になり、本当に快適な環境になりました。<br/><br/>その後、忘年会がまた開かれました。<br/><br/>これで忘年会を開催するのは4回目です。<br/><br/>ドラえもんの映画を見ながら、皆で鍋を食べました。<br/>（ドラえもんは、日本で有名な日本のアニメキャラクターです。）<br/><br/>ドラえもんを見ていると、子供の頃を思い出して、しんみりしました。<br/><br/>私ももう大人なんだなぁ・・・。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, we performed a large cleaning of the end of the year.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, we performed a large cleaning of the end of the year. (or: <span class="f_blue">end of the year cleaning</span>)
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I was so tired because we cleaned every nook and corner.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I was so tired because we cleaned every nook and corner (or:<span class="f_blue">cranny</span>).
</li>
</ul>
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">ジョナタン</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, we performed a large cleaning of the end of the year.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, we performed a large cleaning <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">of</span></span> <span class="f_blue">for </span>the end of the year.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I was so tired because we cleaned every nook and corner.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I was so tired because we cleaned every nook and corner.
<p class="correction_comment">You can also use the expression "nook and cranny" instead of "nook and corner."  However, this phrase is fairly informal.  It can be used in daily conversation, but it should never be used in academic papers or very formal writing.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, our room became clean and its environment is really comfortable.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, our room became clean and <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">its environment is</span></span> <span class="f_blue">it is now </span>really comfortable.
<p class="correction_comment">You don't need to write "its environment".  It sounds more natural this way.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">After that, we held a year end party again.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
After that, we held <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">a</span></span> <span class="f_blue">our annual year-end party.</span> <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">year end party </span></span><span class="sline">again.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">When you write "year end party" you must write it with as "year-end party".  You see the "-" symbol in "year-end"?  This is important because it turns "year end" into an adjective which describes the noun "party".  You should also write "our annual year-end party" because "annual" means "every year".  You do not need to include "again" at the end of the sentence.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It's the fourth time we had held the party this year.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red"><span class="sline">It's</span></span> <span class="f_blue">It was </span>the fourth time we had held the party<span class="f_blue">.</span> <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">this year.</span></span>
<p class="correction_comment">You should not write "this year" at the end of this sentence because it sounds like you have already had the party 4 times in 2014!  You mean you had the party in 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014, right?  Not 4 times in the same year.  I hope this makes sense!  If not, please send me a message and I will explain further.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">We ate a hot pot cooking while watching a movie of Doraemon.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
We ate a <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">hot pot</span></span> <span class="f_blue">hot-pot</span> cooking while watching <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">a</span></span> <span class="f_blue">the </span>movie <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">of</span></span> Doraemon.
<p class="correction_comment">Just as I explained before with "year-end party", you must use the "-" symbol here because "hot-pot" is an adjective which describes the noun "cooking".  The word "cooking" is usually a verb but it can also be a noun.  In this case, you used it correctly as a noun.  Good job!</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">（Draemon is a Japanese animation character famous in Japan.）</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
（Draemon is a <span class="f_blue">famous</span> Japanese animation character<span class="f_blue">.</span> <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">famous in Japan.</span></span>）
<p class="correction_comment">In English, it is usually better to put adjectives before nouns.  This is not always true, but it makes your sentences easier to understand.  As you become more proficient, you will learn how to put adjectives in different parts of English sentences.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When I watched the Draemon animation, I relived my childhood and sentimentalized.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="sline"><span class="f_red">When</span></span> <span class="f_blue">As </span>I watched <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">the</span></span> Draemon <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">animation</span></span>, I relived my childhood and <span class="f_blue">became sentimental.</span> <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">sentimentalized</span></span>.
<p class="correction_comment">"As" sounds more natural here because you are talking about a specific time you watched the movie.  "When" sounds too general and makes it seem that you would always relive your childhood every time you watch Draemon.  Also, "became sentimental" sounds more natural because "sentimentalized" is not usually used this way.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Ah, I'm already an adult ....</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Good job!  Your sentence structure is becoming more complex.  As you learn more complex English, you will make mistakes.  This is normal!  You will become better over time (but you are already very good!).
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red"><span class="sline">It's</span></span> <span class="f_blue">It was </span>the fourth time we had held the party<span class="f_blue">.</span> <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">this year.</span></span>
<p class="correction_comment">
You should not write "this year" at the end of this sentence because it sounds like you have already had the party 4 times in 2014!  You mean you had the party in 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014, right?  Not 4 times in the same year.  I hope this makes sense!  If not, please send me a message and I will explain further.
</p>
</li>
</ul></div>
Thank you so much for your polite correction and encouragements!!<br/>It's really informative. (*´▽｀*)<br/>I'll continue to concentrate on improving my English!<br/><br/>&gt; You mean you had the party in 2011, 2012, 2013 and 2014, right? Not 4 times in the same year.<br/><br/>Actually, I had the party 4 times in 2014! (December 14, 16, 22 and 25, 2014.) <br/>So I used the word "again" in the above sentence, and I wanted to imply something like "Again? There are too many year-end parties in the same year!".<br/>Should I say that in another way?
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">ジョナタン</span><br>
Oh I see!  Now I understand.  Sorry about that!  You can write something like "This was the fourth time we had the party this year."
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
I see! Thank you very much for your advice!! (^-^)
</div>
</div>
