---
date: 2015-01-08
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Meeting with a Professor</h1>
<div class="date">Jan 8, 2015 21:49</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I had an one-on-one meeting with a professor of engineering about his paper's figure.<br/><br/>The professor's study is related to the earthquake, and he is planning to insert many figures in his paper.<br/><br/>So, he hired me as an exclusive illustrator.<br/><br/>Wait, why did I say "so"?<br/><br/>I'm a software engineer, but not totally an illustrator.<br/><br/>It didn't make any sense.<br/><br/>But I accepted willingly the project because he said he will buy Adobe Creative Suite 6 for me.<br/><br/>Actually, I really wanted Adobe products, but I couldn't purchase it due to its high price.<br/><br/>So it was a perfect opportunity for me, hehehe.<br/><br/>Okay, I will start learning how to use Illustrator and Photoshop.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The professor's study is related to the earthquake, and he is planning to insert many figures in his paper.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The professor's study is related to the earthquake<span class="f_blue">s</span>, and he is planning to insert many figures (or: diagrams/tables/graphs ) in his paper.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I'm a software engineer, but not totally an illustrator.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I'm a software engineer, but totally not an illustrator.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Nice!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for your correction!! (*^_^*)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Toru</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 &gt; Actually, I really wanted Adobe products, but I couldn't purchase it due to its high price.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 Maybe I had to use "them/theirs" instead of "it/its".
 <br/>
 But if I see the Adobe products as an aggregate, I should be able to use "it/its".
</p>

</div></div>
