---
date: 2015-01-13
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: 0026_break-away-from-swing
---

# 【No. 0026】Break Away From Swing
<div class="date">Jan 13, 2015 23:00</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I considered whether or not to break away from Swing-based development.<br/><br/>Swing is a famous GUI widget toolkit for Java language.<br/><br/>Actually, I've used Swing to develop software for 5 years, and we've gone together like bacon and eggs, and I love her.<br/><br/>But development resources for Swing decreased significantly, and Oracle said "JavaFX will supersede Swing.".<br/><br/>So I learned JavaFX a little, but there were so many different points between JavaFX and Swing.<br/><br/>I was really sad.<br/><br/>It was not possible for me to determine parting with her today.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Lewern</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I considered whether or not to break away from Swing-based development.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I considered whether or not <span class="f_red">I should </span>break away from Swing-based development.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Swing is a famous GUI widget toolkit for Java language.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Actually, I've used Swing to develop software for 5 years, and we've gone together like bacon and eggs, and I love her.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="sline">Actually,</span> I've used Swing to develop software for 5 years, and we've gone together like bacon and eggs<span class="f_red">.</span> <span class="sline">and </span>I love<span class="f_blue"> her.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">Using 'her' is fine in a comical way. However, just be warned that it sounds rather uncomfortably strange for native English speakers.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">But development resources for Swing decreased significantly, and Oracle said "JavaFX will supersede Swing.".</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">However,</span> development resources for Swing decreased significantly, and Oracle said "JavaFX will supersede Swing.<span class="f_blue">.</span>"
<p class="correction_comment">Punctuation (. , ! ?) always goes INSIDE the quotation marks.  Not a big deal, as most native English speakers do not know this.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">So I learned JavaFX a little, but there were so many different points between JavaFX and Swing.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
So I learned JavaFX a little, but there were so many <span class="f_blue">differences </span>between JavaFX and Swing.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I was really sad.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It was not possible for me to determine parting with her today.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It was not possible for me to determine <span class="f_blue">whether or not I should</span> <span class="f_red">part</span> with her today.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Amazing English.  I was a bit strict, but only because you were so impressive.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting me!! (^-^)<br/>I'm delighted to receive your strict correction.<br/><br/>I didn't have the faintest idea of the law between punctuation and quotation marks.<br/>Now, I felt more strength! (*´▽｀*)
</div>
</div>
