---
date: 2015-01-26
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: 0039_fez
---

# 【No. 0039】FEZ
<div class="date">Jan 26, 2015 22:00</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
　2 days ago, I watched gameplay video of "FEZ," which was developed by Polytron Corporation in Canada. I felt the concept of the game is really interesting. In the game, characters are living in a 2D world, but actually, the world is 3D. One day, a central character, Gomez got a power interfering the three-dimensional space, and decided to save the world using the power.<br/><br/>　According to the play movie, there are many funny gimmick composed of 2D and 3D. I really like such a mystery solving game. So I decided to purchase on Steam, even though I wouldn't play the game for a while. Then, I created a Steam account and just purchase it at 980 yen. However, when I watched the Steam site today, I noticed "FEZ" is sold at 75% OFF. It's only 245 yen. I became a little sad.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In the game, characters are living in a 2D world, but actually, the world is 3D.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In the (or: <span class="f_blue">this</span>) game, characters are living in a 2D world, but actually, the world is 3D.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">One day, a central character, Gomez got a power interfering the three-dimensional space, and decided to save the world using the power.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
One day, a central character, Gomez got a power interfering the three-dimensional space, and decided to save the world using the (or: <span class="f_blue">this</span>) power.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to the play movie, there are many funny gimmick composed of 2D and 3D.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to the play movie<span class="f_blue"> </span>(or: <span class="f_blue">gameplay video</span>) , there are many funny gimmick<span class="f_blue">s</span> composed of 2D and 3D.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">So I decided to purchase on Steam, even though I wouldn't play the game for a while.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
So I decided to purchase <span class="f_blue">it</span> on Steam, even though I wouldn't play the game for a while.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Nice!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for your correction! :D
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome!
</div>
</div>
