---
date: 2015-01-31
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: "0044_pascal-s-triangle"
---

# 【No. 0044】Pascal's Triangle
<div class="date">Jan 31, 2015 23:32</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
　I often solve some problems in the intervals between my study. Today, I chose a problem with Pascal's triangle from Project Euler. Pascal's triangle is a triangle that is created by the simple rules, such as following:<br/><br/>    1<br/>   1 1<br/>  1 2 1<br/> 1 3 3 1<br/>1 4 6 4 1<br/><br/>　And the problem demanded the number of entries which are not divisible by 7 in the first one billion rows of Pascal's triangle. The number of elements that I have to check is about 500 quadrillion (5 times 10 to the 17th power).<br/><br/>　I wrote a simple program code which calculates Pascal's triangle made of residue of 7 (modularized by 7?). However, this program took about 30 seconds to check 5 billion elements in my computer. This means it will take 95 years to solve this problem. I think there is a smart analytical solution because there are too many elements to solve using dynamic programming. I couldn't solve this problem today, but I like such a problem that remind me of the splendor of algorithms.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I often solve some problems in the intervals between my study.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I often solve some problems (or: <span class="f_blue">mathematical puzzles</span>) in the intervals between my study (or: <span class="f_blue">studies</span>).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I couldn't solve this problem today, but I like such a problem that remind me of the splendor of algorithms.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I couldn't solve this problem today, but I like such problem<span class="f_blue">s</span> that remind me of the splendor of algorithms.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for your correction! :D
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">thethinker83</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I chose a problem with Pascal's triangle from Project Euler.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Pascal's triangle is a triangle that is created by the simple rules, such as following:</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Pascal's triangle is a triangle that is created by <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">the</span></span> simple rules, such as <span class="f_blue">the</span> following:
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">And the problem demanded the number of entries which are not divisible by 7 in the first one billion rows of Pascal's triangle.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
And the problem <span class="f_gray">demanded</span> the number of entries which are not divisible by 7 in the first one billion rows of Pascal's triangle.
<p class="correction_comment">You can also use "asked for" instead of "demanded" here</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The number of elements that I have to check is about 500 quadrillion (5 times 10 to the 17th power).</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I wrote a simple program code which calculates Pascal's triangle made of residue of 7 (modularized by 7?).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I wrote a simple program code which calculates Pascal's triangle made of residue of 7 (<span class="f_blue">modularized by 7</span>?).
<p class="correction_comment">I would use "modularized by 7" or just "modulo 7".</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, this program took about 30 seconds to check 5 billion elements in my computer.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This means it will take 95 years to solve this problem.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think there is a smart analytical solution because there are too many elements to solve using dynamic programming.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 This was very interesting and very well written.  I wish I had a better idea how to solve this problem.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting me! :)<br/>Your comments were very encouraging for me. I will try to solve this problem during my free time. :D
</div>
</div>
