---
date: 2015-02-01
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Graduation Thesis</h1>
<div class="date">Feb 1, 2015 23:05</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
　In Japan, the graduation season is approaching. As is often the case, graduate research presentations are held in Mid-February, the deadline for graduation thesis is February as well.<br/>　Today, I read and corrected my junior's master theses carefully almost all day. It stands to reason that every sentence he wrote is perfect, but the connections of sentences were sometimes unnatural. Also, his story was sometimes logically incoherent. I was patiently looking for his mistakes and wrote correction comments. I was a little tired, but I'm happy to feel my junior's growth.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I read and corrected my junior's master theses carefully almost all day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, almost all day I carefully read and corrected (or: proofread) my junior's master theses.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 He is lucky that he has such a good senpai ^^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always correcting me! :)<br/>That's very nice of you to say. (^-^)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Just a Simple Meerkat</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In Japan, the graduation season is approaching.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As is often the case, graduate research presentations are held in Mid-February, the deadline for graduation thesis is February as well.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
As is often the case, graduate research presentations are held in Mid-February, <span class="f_blue">and </span>the deadline for graduation thes<span class="f_red">e</span>s is <span class="f_blue">in </span>February as well.
<p class="correction_comment">The plural of thesis is theses. Pronunciation: http://static.sfdict.com/staticrep/dictaudio/T02/T0226800.mp3</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I read and corrected my junior's master theses carefully almost all day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">I spent most of the day</span> today <span class="f_blue">carefully proofreading</span> my junior's master theses.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It stands to reason that every sentence he wrote is perfect, but the connections of sentences were sometimes unnatural.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">E</span>very sentence <span class="f_blue">that </span>he wrote <span class="f_blue">was</span> <span class="f_blue">basically </span>perfect, but <span class="f_blue">sometimes </span>the <span class="f_blue">sentence connections</span> were <span class="f_blue">(a bit )</span>unnatural.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, his story was sometimes logically incoherent.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, <span class="f_blue">the flow of </span>his story was sometimes incoherent. // Also, his story was sometimes<span class="f_blue"> illogical</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I was patiently looking for his mistakes and wrote correction comments.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">was </span></span>patiently look<span class="f_blue">ed</span> for his mistakes and wrote him correction comments.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I was a little tired, but I'm happy to feel my junior's growth.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I was a little tired <span class="f_blue">by the end of it</span>, but I'm happy to<span class="f_blue"> see his</span> growth.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting me!^^<br/>You look like a programmer because you used Inline comment syntax. :D
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Just a Simple Meerkat</span><br>
Haha, I'm not sure what that is, but that's kind of cool! And, not a problem! I did notice one error though, I'm sure you noticed it but just in case - in the second correction it should say "carefully proofreading my junior's master thesis", not "theses". That's working on the assumption that he only wrote one thesis, though.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for your additional correction! I learned a lot.(^^)<br/>In fact, double slash (//) means inline comments in many programming languages. :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Just a Simple Meerkat</span><br>
Oh, interesting, I didn't know that! Now the next time someone says that to me I'll just go along with it and say, "Oh, you noticed? It's just an old habit!", lol. Not really, that would be lying. haha 
</div>
</div>
