---
date: 2015-02-03
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# Job-hunting in Japan
<div class="date">Feb 3, 2015 22:21</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
　In Japan, almost of all companies usually hire new staff in April. If we miss the timing, it will be really hard to find a job. Therefore, we usually start job-hunting in the winter of our junior year, and we almost look for a job during nearly 6 months. One of the reason why the job-hunting take such a long time is that Japanese companies like to conduct employment exams. Actually, some companies conduct the exams more than 7 times. I think this is useless custom indeed. We should use our time to our study instead of job-hunting.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">jamieleshaw</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Job-hunting in Japan</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Job hunting in Japan
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In Japan, almost of all companies usually hire new staff in April.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In Japan, almost all companies usually hire new staff in April.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If we miss the timing, it will be really hard to find a job.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
If we miss this period, it will be really hard to find a job.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, we usually start job-hunting in the winter of our junior year, and we almost look for a job during nearly 6 months.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, we usually start job hunting in the winter of our junior year, and we look for a job for close to 6 months.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">One of the reason why the job-hunting take such a long time is that Japanese companies like to conduct employment exams.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
One of the reasons why job hunting takes such a long time is that Japanese companies like to conduct employment exams.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Actually, some companies conduct the exams more than 7 times.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In fact, some companies conduct the exams more than 7 times.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think this is useless custom indeed.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I think this custom is useless.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">We should use our time to our study instead of job-hunting.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
We should use our time for studying instead of job hunting.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting me! :D<br/>I didn't know difference between "Actually" and "In fact."
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">RJ</span><br>
"Actually" tends to be used in response to incorrect information, while "In fact" can be used for any unexpected information, whether or not it is a correction.<br/>It's a confusing nuance and I'm not sure even I explained it correctly.
</div>
</div>
