---
date: 2015-02-06
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Valedictory Lecture</h1>
<div class="date">Feb 6, 2015 23:12</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
　Today, I went to a valedictory lecture of my boss' boss. The boss, who is a professor of my university, finally reached the retirement age of 65. In the past few years, I had attended classes of the professor several times. When I realized that this is the really last lecture of him, I felt real grief.<br/><br/>　The lecture was about the professor's researches and history. He told us his researches as if he were children. It was very impressive. He also said something like "It's doubtful that I am adult." Perhaps he's right, because he looked very young while he was talking.<br/><br/>　During the lecture, he gave us an advice for developing our originality as machinery researchers. He referred to the way as 4H; Horizontal, Hard, Humor, Humanity. That is, we need horizontal thinking that is not biased, opportunity to touch hard stuff, humor for enjoying our research, humanity to pursue happiness.<br/><br/>　At the end of the lecture, he introduced a poem "A Psalm of Life" written by Henry Wadsworth Longfellow. He said he especially was impressed the following passage;<br/><br/>In the world’s broad field of battle,<br/>   In the bivouac of Life,<br/>Be not like dumb, driven cattle!<br/>   Be a hero in the strife!<br/><br/>His lecture brought a lump to my throat. I would like to express my heartfelt gratitude to him.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">He told us his researches as if he were children.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
He told us <span class="f_blue">about</span> his researches as if <span class="f_blue">w</span>e were children.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">He said he especially was impressed the following passage;</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
He said he especially was impressed <span class="f_blue">with</span> the following passage;
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Almost no mistakes! You're getting good at it^^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for correcting me! (^-^)<br/>I'm very happy to be told that. And it makes me feel like keeping up the effort. :D
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome!
</div>
</div>
