---
date: 2015-02-11
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Kneel on a Cushion</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Feb 11, 2015 23:11</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, we held the sixth anniversary of my grandfather's death (and sixteenth anniversary of my grandmother's death).<br/><br/>Many relatives came to my home, and we chanted a Buddhist sutra.<br/><br/>While we are chanting a Buddhist chant, we usually kneel on our knees on a cushion.<br/><br/>However, I have a little bit of trouble with this posture, and as expected, my legs go to sleep.<br/><br/>I couldn't stand up for a while, but anyway, this event passed in peace.<br/><br/>Meanwhile, actually my mother is a Christian while my father is a Buddhist.<br/><br/>So sometimes I have no idea who I am. 
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">thethinker83</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, we held the sixth anniversary of my grandfather's death (and sixteenth anniversary of my grandmother's death).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, we <span class="f_red">obs</span><span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">h</span></span>e<span class="f_red">rve</span><span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">l</span></span>d the sixth anniversary of my grandfather's death (and sixteenth anniversary of my grandmother's death).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Many relatives came to my home, and we chanted a Buddhist sutra.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">While we are chanting a Buddhist chant, we usually kneel on our knees on a cushion.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
While we are chanting a Buddhist chant, we usually kneel on <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">our knees on </span></span>a cushion.
<p class="correction_comment">It is redundant to say that you kneel on your knees, considering the definition of "kneel".</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, I have a little bit of trouble with this posture, and as expected, my legs go to sleep.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, I have a little bit of trouble with this posture, and as expected, my legs go to sleep.
<p class="correction_comment">or "fall asleep"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I couldn't stand up for a while, but anyway, this event passed in peace.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Meanwhile, actually my mother is a Christian while my father is a Buddhist.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Meanwhile, actually my mother is a Christian while my father is a Buddhist.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">So sometimes I have no idea who I am.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Family always has influence, but ultimately we are what we choose to be. That's what I think, anyway.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting me!<br/>Yes, I think you're right. Someday I should reach a decision.
</div>
</div>
