---
date: 2015-02-16
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: 0060_origin-of-symbols
---

# 【No. 0060】Origin of Symbols
<div class="date">Feb 16, 2015 23:43</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
　Today, I learned the origin of the symbol '$' called dollar or pesos. One of the most widely prevalent hypotheses is derived from pesos. That is, it is thought '$' is the combination of P and S from pesos. Also, in the 16th Century, 1 peso is equivalent to 8 Real. Therefore, it is also thought '$' is the combination of 8 and R from pesos. Furthermore, other hypotheses is shown as follows:<br/><br/>･ It was derived from HS of sestertius which is Roman currency.<br/>･ It was derived from S which is Shilling currency symbol.<br/>･ It was derived from US which represents unit of silver (or United States).<br/>･ It was derived from the figure that ribbons are winding around Pillars of Hercules which is a symbol of Spain.<br/><br/>[Extra information (This is just my brief note)]<br/>　It is thought that the symbol '@' called at-sign was derived from "ad" in Latin which means "at" in English. But many other hypotheses exist.<br/>　The symbol '&amp;' called ampersand was derived from "et" in Latin which means "and" in English. That is because "etc." (et cetra = and so forth) is sometimes abbreviated like "&amp;c."
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">deleted</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 I often abbreviate et cetra to &amp;c., but this is confusing for people sometimes, haha.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
I was also confused by "&amp;c." until yesterday. :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">deleted</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I learned the origin of the symbol '$' called dollar or pesos.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I learned the origin of the symbol '$' called the dollar or peso sign.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">One of the most widely prevalent hypotheses is derived from pesos.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
One of the most widely prevalent hypotheses is that it is derived from pesos.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, in the 16th Century, 1 peso is equivalent to 8 Real.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, in the 16th Century, 1 peso was equivalent to 8 Real.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Furthermore, other hypotheses is shown as follows:</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Furthermore, other hypotheses are shown as follows:
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">･ It was derived from HS of sestertius which is Roman currency.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
･ It was derived from HS of sestertius, which is a coin from ancient Roman currency.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">･ It was derived from S which is Shilling currency symbol.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
･ It was derived from S, which is the shilling sign.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">･ It was derived from US which represents unit of silver (or United States).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
･ It was derived from US, which represents unit of silver (or United States).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">･ It was derived from the figure that ribbons are winding around Pillars of Hercules which is a symbol of Spain.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
･ It was derived from the figure of ribbons winding around the Pillars of Hercules, which is a symbol of Spain.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is thought that the symbol '@' called at-sign was derived from "ad" in Latin which means "at" in English.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is thought that the symbol '@' called at-sign was derived from "ad" in Latin, which means "at" in English.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">But many other hypotheses exist.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, many other hypotheses exist.
<p class="correction_comment">Or 'in English, but many other hypotheses exist.'</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The symbol '&amp;' called ampersand was derived from "et" in Latin which means "and" in English.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The symbol '&amp;' called ampersand, which means "and" in English, was derived from "et" in Latin 
<p class="correction_comment">It's better to put your description close to what you're describing.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting me! :D
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">Idle-Emma</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">One of the most widely prevalent hypotheses is derived from pesos.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
One of the most <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">widely</span></span> prevalent hypotheses is <span class="f_blue">it is </span>derived from pesos.
<p class="correction_comment">You don't need to say 'widely prevalent'<br/>You can just say 'prevalent'</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">That is, it is thought '$' is the combination of P and S from pesos.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
That is, it is thought '$' is <span class="f_blue">a</span> combination of <span class="f_blue">the </span>P and S from pesos.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Furthermore, other hypotheses is shown as follows:</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Furthermore, other hypotheses <span class="f_blue">are</span> as follows:
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting me! ^^
</div>
</div>
