---
date: 2015-02-26
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: 0070_birthday-party
---

# 【No. 0070】Birthday Party
<div class="date">Feb 26, 2015 23:35</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
　Today, a birthday party was held in our laboratory. We laboratory member are sometimes hold birthday parties when some members' birthdays are approaching. This time, we celebrated birthdays of two members. We cooked grilled beefs and ate them heartily. After we finished eating the meats, we brought a birthday cake and began to eat again. Then, we sent birthday presents to laboratory members whose birthday is approaching. Since one of them likes cherry blossom, we sent shampoo and rinse and lip balm which have good aroma of cherry to him. Also, since the other will graduate soon and begin a new life, we sent a valuable ballpoint pen to him. We had an ace time at the birthday party.<br/>
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">sayuri</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This time, we celebrated birthdays of two members.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This time, we celebrated <span class="f_blue">the</span> birthdays of two members.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Then, we sent birthday presents to laboratory members whose birthday is approaching.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Then, we gave birthday presents to the laboratory members whose birthday was approaching.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since one of them likes cherry blossom, we sent shampoo and rinse and lip balm which have good aroma of cherry to him.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since one of them likes cherry blossom, we gave cherry scented shampoo, rinse and lip balm to him.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, since the other will graduate soon and begin a new life, we sent a valuable ballpoint pen to him.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, since the other will graduate soon and begin a new life, we gave him a fancy ballpoint pen.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">We had an ace time at the birthday party.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
We had an ace time at the birthday party.
<p class="correction_comment">The sentence is correct, but it sounds more natural to say that you had an excellent time/ a great time.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting me. :D
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">After we finished eating the meats, we brought a birthday cake and began to eat again.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
After we finished eating the meats, we brought a birthday cake and began to eat again. (or: ...cake <span class="f_blue">and continued our feast</span>)
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since one of them likes cherry blossom, we sent shampoo and rinse and lip balm which have good aroma of cherry to him.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since one of them likes cherry blossom, we sent shampoo, rinse and lip balm which have good aroma of cherry to him.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Nice!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :D
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome!
</div>
</div>
