---
date: 2015-02-28
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
---

# Today, I cooked curry again and had a big mistake.
<div class="date">Feb 28, 2015 20:42</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
　Today, I cooked curry again and had a big mistake. In a typical recipe, we will simmer curry for about 20 minutes, but I simmered curry too much. I was going to watch Dr. House during simmering curry, resulting, I infatuated with the drama and forgot my cooking. Curry got burnt and my pot became charred. I barely could eat curry near on the top of the pot, but unfortunately, I left the other portion. Although I washed the pot by scraping strongly, I couldn't take off the burnt deposit which stacks to the bottom of the pot. I was really sad because the pot was my birthday present.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I cooked curry again and had a big mistake.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, <span class="f_blue">when</span> I cooked curry <span class="f_blue">I made</span> a big mistake.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In a typical recipe, we will simmer curry for about 20 minutes, but I simmered curry too much.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In a typical recipe, we <span class="f_blue">have to</span> simmer curry for about 20 minutes, but I simmered curry too much.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Maybe it's a sign for you to buy a rice cooker )
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting me! :)<br/>Haha, actually I already have two rice cookers.<br/>(one is on my apartment, the other is on my laboratory.)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Oceansea</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I cooked curry again and had a big mistake.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I cooked curry again and <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">had </span></span><span class="f_red">made </span>a big mistake.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In a typical recipe, we will simmer curry for about 20 minutes, but I simmered curry too much.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In a typical recipe, we will simmer curry for about 20 minutes, but I simmered <span class="f_blue">the</span> curry too much.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">House during simmering curry, resulting, I infatuated with the drama and forgot my cooking.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
House <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">during</span></span> <span class="f_blue">while </span>simmering curry, <span class="f_red">but </span>I <span class="f_blue">got </span>infatuated with the drama and forgot my cooking.
<p class="correction_comment">It is probably better to say "I got infatuated with the drama while the curry was simmering." If you say "while simmering curry," it sounds like you are still standing next to the curry and cooking it. But if you say "while the curry was simmering" you are not necessarily standing next to it.<br/><br/>"Resulting" is better used like this:<br/>I got infatuated with the drama resulting in the curry getting burned.<br/>I forgot my cooking resulting in the curry getting burned.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Curry got burnt and my pot became charred.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">The c</span>urry got burnt and my pot became charred.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I barely could eat curry near on the top of the pot, but unfortunately, I left the other portion.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I barely could eat <span class="f_blue">the</span> curry near <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">on </span></span>the top of the pot, <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">but </span></span><span class="f_red">and </span>unfortunately, I left the other portion.
<p class="correction_comment">It think that this is probably best:<br/>"I barely could eat the curry near the top of the pot and unfortunately had to leave the other portion uneaten."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although I washed the pot by scraping strongly, I couldn't take off the burnt deposit which stacks to the bottom of the pot.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although I washed the pot by scraping strongly, I couldn't take off the burnt deposit which <span class="sline"><span class="f_gray">stacks </span></span><span class="f_red">was stuck</span> to the bottom of the pot.
<p class="correction_comment">"To stack" means to place one thing on top of another.<br/>I put a book on the table. I put a another book on top of the book already on the table. I put another book on top of the book on top of the book already on the table. I put another book on top of the book on top of the book on top of the book already on the table.<br/><br/>"To stick to" means that something is attached to something else.<br/>The glue was stuck to the paper.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I was really sad because the pot was my birthday present.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I was really sad because the pot was my birthday present.
<p class="correction_comment">That's too bad =(</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
Although I washed the pot by scraping strongly, I couldn't take off the burnt deposit which <span class="sline"><span class="f_gray">stacks </span></span><span class="f_red">was stuck</span> to the bottom of the pot.
<p class="correction_comment">
"To stack" means to place one thing on top of another.<br/>I put a book on the table. I put a another book on top of the book already on the table. I put another book on top of the book on top of the book already on the table. I put another book on top of the book on top of the book on top of the book already on the table.<br/><br/>"To stick to" means that something is attached to something else.<br/>The glue was stuck to the paper.
</p>
</li>
</ul></div>
Thank you so much for your helpful corrections and comments! (^^)<br/><br/>Oops, it was written that "scrape off ... stuck to the bottom of the pan" as a example sentence in my dictionary, but I misspelled. However, I didn't know that the "stick" should be used in passive.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Oceansea</span><br>
I think that it is most common to say "it was stuck to the pot." But you might also hear "it was sticking to the bottom of the post." That would be okay too.
</div>
</div>
