---
date: 2015-03-01
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Relationship Between Rain and Headache</h1>
<div class="date">Mar 1, 2015 22:19</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
　Today, it was raining, later snowing, and I had a headache almost all day. When it rains, I usually get a headache. It is thought that one of the most important factors of migraine is the change of the weather. When the updraft occurs, the weather becomes bad, and the atmosphere pressure drops. By the atmosphere pressure is dropping sharply, the pressure that is holding the blood vessels in the brain also drops, then the blood vessels are more likely to spread. By the blood vessels in the brain is spread, the nerves surrounding the blood vessels will stimulated and as a result, migraine will be induced. This is one of the hypotheses, but according to my experience, it's true. 
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">titanium</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, it was raining, later snowing, and I had a headache almost all day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, it rain<span class="f_red">ed</span>,<span class="f_red"> and then later it</span> snow<span class="f_red">ed</span>, and I had a headache almost all day.
<p class="correction_comment">Or also: "Today, it rained, and then it snowed, and I had a headache for almost the whole day."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When it rains, I usually get a headache.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
When it rains, I usually get a headache.
<p class="correction_comment">This sentence is perfect! Another option: "Whenever it rains, I get a headache." or "I get a headache whenever it rains."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is thought that one of the most important factors of migraine is the change of the weather.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is thought that one of the most important<span class="f_red"> causative</span> factors of migraine<span class="f_red">s</span> is <span class="f_blue">a</span> change <span class="f_blue">in </span>the weather.
<p class="correction_comment">A more conversational  way of saying this: "They say that one of the biggest causes of migraines is a change in the weather.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When the updraft occurs, the weather becomes bad, and the atmosphere pressure drops.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
When <span class="f_red">an</span> updraft occurs, the weather becomes bad, and the atmospher<span class="f_red">ic</span> pressure drops.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the atmosphere pressure is dropping sharply, the pressure that is holding the blood vessels in the brain also drops, then the blood vessels are more likely to spread.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
B<span class="f_red">ecause</span> the atmospher<span class="f_red">ic</span> pressure is dropping sharply, the pressure that is holding the blood vessels in the brain also drops, <span class="f_red">and so </span><span class="f_blue">(</span>then<span class="f_blue">)</span> the blood vessels are more likely to spread.
<p class="correction_comment">Whoa!</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the blood vessels in the brain is spread, the nerves surrounding the blood vessels will stimulated and as a result, migraine will be induced.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
B<span class="f_red">ecause</span> the blood vessels in the brain <span class="f_red">are</span> spread <span class="f_red">out</span>, the nerves surrounding the blood vessels will<span class="f_red"> be</span> stimulated and<span class="f_red">,</span> as a result, <span class="f_red">a </span>migraine will be induced.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This is one of the hypotheses, but according to my experience, it's true.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This is one of the hypotheses, but according to my experience, it's true.
<p class="correction_comment">Good! Slightly more naturally: This is one hypothesis, but in my experience, it's true.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Wow! That's really interesting. おもしろいね！I hope you can learn as much from my corrections as I learned from your post :) You use some pretty advanced grammar!
 <br/>
 <br/>
 I tried to be careful to correct your post to keep your meaning clear. This is slightly off-topic, but I had a concern reading your post: What if the people who correct your post are not as well-informed as you are about the topic that you are writing about?
 <br/>
 <br/>
 For example, someone could potentially correct your sentence "the pressure that is holding the blood vessels in the brain also drops" to "the pressure that is in the blood vessels in the brain also drops," which is grammatically correct, but does not mean the same thing, and could be a problem.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 Just a thought! And maybe it's not such a big deal.
 <br/>
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! I'm happy about your words. :)<br/><br/>Yeah, you may well say so. I sometimes complement some words when I correct Japanese sentences, but I'm concerned about the corrections. To avoid the problem, we probably should write sentences carefully and write them with our native language. Otherwise, I think the disagreements should be resolved in comments... I'll do my best. :)
</div>
</div>
