---
date: 2015-03-07
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: 0079_friend-that-one-had-been-to-school-with
---

# 【No. 0079】Friend that one had been to school with
<div class="date">Mar 7, 2015 22:46</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
　Yesterday, I met my friend from university. He came my university as a recruiter of a company and introduced his company to students. And today, I ate lunch with him, then later we talked about various things each other. It was so fun to talk with a classmate after a long time. This is why almost all my classmates got into companies when we graduated our university, and there is no classmate in my research building. I sometimes feel lonely, however, I also sometime feel as if I were a boss of students since all students in my research building are younger than me. He-he.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">minnieme</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Friend that one had been to school with</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Friend that one had been to school with
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, I met my friend from university.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">He came my university as a recruiter of a company and introduced his company to students.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
He came <span class="f_blue">to</span>/<span class="f_blue">visited</span> my university as a recruiter of a company and introduced his company to students.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">And today, I ate lunch with him, then later we talked about various things each other.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
And today, I ate lunch with him, then later we talked about various things <span class="f_blue">with</span> each other.
<p class="correction_comment">'to talk about something with someone' :)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It was so fun to talk with a classmate after a long time.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It was so fun to talk with a classmate after <span class="f_blue">such</span> a long time.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This is why almost all my classmates got into companies when we graduated our university, and there is no classmate in my research building.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This is why almost all my classmates got into companies when we graduated <span class="f_blue">from</span> <span class="sline">our </span>university, and there<span class="sline"> is</span> <span class="f_blue">are</span> no classmates in my research building.
<p class="correction_comment">we usually just say 'to graduate from university/college' -I changed 'is' to 'are' because I think the plural sounds better in this sentence :)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I sometimes feel lonely, however, I also sometime feel as if I were a boss of students since all students in my research building are younger than me.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I sometimes feel lonely, however, I also sometimes feel as if<span class="f_blue"> I'm</span> <span class="sline">were</span><span class="f_blue"> the</span> boss of <span class="f_blue">the</span> students since all <span class="f_blue">the</span> students in my research building are younger than me.
<p class="correction_comment">The sentence structure 'as if I were...' is correct but in this case I chose to use the present tense 'I am' since it sounds more natural :)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">He-he.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 It's always nice to catch up with a friend after graduating! :) Sounds like you had fun
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>Yes, I had a good time. :D
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">titanium</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This is why almost all my classmates got into companies when we graduated our university, and there is no classmate in my research building.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red">Because</span> almost all <span class="f_blue">(of)</span> my classmates got into companies when we graduated <span class="f_red">from</span> our university, <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">and </span></span>there <span class="f_red">are</span> no classmate<span class="f_red">s</span> in my research building.
<p class="correction_comment">I think maybe you made a mistake using "this is why" in your original sentence, so I corrected it to something more logical in the context of your paragraph. Hope this is what you wanted to say!</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for your correction! :)<br/>Oops, I often confuse "This is why" and "(This is) because." You're guess is right, I wanted to say the reason of the above sentence here.
</div>
</div>
