---
date: 2015-03-08
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Earned 2 yen</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Mar 8, 2015 17:24</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
　About a year ago, I registered myself as a Android developer to sign up for the Play store. And few months ago, I registered my first app with the Play store. This app was a countermeasure tool for qualification tests that is related to information technology. The target of this app was very niche, however, I created this for myself. Also, since there are almost no advertisement on this app, it's really difficult to earn money. I today visited to the AdMob page which shows advertising revenue after a long interval. Then, I found that I had earned 2 yen by advertisements of my app. That's one small step for many people, one giant leap for me.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">And few months ago, I registered my first app with the Play store.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
And few months ago, I <span class="f_blue">uploaded</span> my first app <span class="f_blue">on</span> <span class="f_blue">Google </span>Play store.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The target of this app was very niche, however, I created this for myself.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The target <span class="f_blue">group</span> of this app was very niche, however, I created this for myself.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, since there are almost no advertisement on this app, it's really difficult to earn money.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, since there are almost no advertisement <span class="f_blue">for</span> this app, it's really difficult to earn money.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Then, I found that I had earned 2 yen by advertisements of my app.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Then, I found that I had earned 2 yen by <span class="f_blue">displaying</span> advertisements (or: <span class="f_blue">ads</span>) on my app(<span class="f_blue">'s</span>) <span class="f_blue">screen</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">titanium</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">About a year ago, I registered myself as a Android developer to sign up for the Play store.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
About a year ago, I registered myself as a<span class="f_red">n</span> Android developer to sign up for the Play store.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">And few months ago, I registered my first app with the Play store.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">And</span> </span><span class="f_red">A</span> few months ago, I registered my first app with the Play store.
<p class="correction_comment">It sounds better here not to use "and" at the beginning of the sentence. (Maybe like you said in your previous post, it's really true that Japanese tends to use a lot of 「そして」など that don't get used as often in English!</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This app was a countermeasure tool for qualification tests that is related to information technology.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">The</span> app was a countermeasure tool for qualification tests <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">that is </span></span>related to information technology.
<p class="correction_comment">Either "this" or "the" is good</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The target of this app was very niche, however, I created this for myself.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The target <span class="f_blue">demographic for</span> this app was very niche, however<span class="f_red"> --</span> I created this for myself.
<p class="correction_comment">面白い！<br/><br/>The punctuation I used here ( -- ) is called the "em dash" -- basically it's a long pause! I wonder if something similar exists in Japanese? (I am interested in punctuation differences between Japanese and English in general! I'm sure there are a lot of differences and I don't think lots of people spend time learning about them.)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, since there are almost no advertisement on this app, it's really difficult to earn money.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, since there are almost no advertisement<span class="f_red">s</span> on this app, it's really difficult to earn money.
<p class="correction_comment">(I think the previous commenter is confused, and thinks you are advertising for this app, whereas in reality you are placing ads in your app to generate revenue)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I today visited to the AdMob page which shows advertising revenue after a long interval.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red">Today </span>I visited<span class="f_gray"><span class="sline"> to</span></span> the AdMob page<span class="f_red">,</span> which shows advertising revenue after a long interval.
<p class="correction_comment">Good! Correct use of "which" vs "that!"<br/><br/>I'm thinking now, and I think I can give you one more rule: always use a comma before "which."<br/><br/>I like using black pens, which are darker than blue pens.<br/>I like using MacBooks, which are better than other laptops.<br/>I live in Japan, which is an island.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Then, I found that I had earned 2 yen by advertisements of my app.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I found that I had earned 2 yen <span class="f_blue">from</span> advertisements on my app.
<p class="correction_comment">Previous commenter's suggestion is also good. Again, though, I think the use of "then" here is incorrect and you are better off without it!</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">That's one small step for many people, one giant leap for me.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Nice!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for your helpful corrections and comments!<br/><br/>&gt; I wonder if something similar exists in Japanese?<br/>I think there is nothing in Japanese. (we rarely use "--," but it's not common.)<br/>Also, Japanese mostly use only period and comma, so we're often confused by use of colon, semicolon and hyphen. I think we need to learn English punctuations.<br/><br/>&gt; I'm thinking now, and I think I can give you one more rule: always use a comma before "which."<br/>Oh, really? Is this mean that I should use ", which" instead of "which" when I refer to a specific instance? I learned "restrictive" and "non-restrictive" relative pronouns have different meaning.
</div>
</div>
