---
date: 2015-03-09
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
---

# Makeover
<div class="date">Mar 9, 2015 18:22</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
　Today, I and my juniors rearranged our laboratory so that we can accept new faces. We printed out a sketch of our laboratory, and discussed new arrangement. We had had a lots of opinions, for example, "I want to move a desk out of the sun to prevent skin irritation," "I need more space," "I'd like to avoid a desk near the entrance," "I want to use two desks," and "I want to isolated."<br/><br/>Of course, It is not possible to reflect all these demands, but we tried to think that we are as fully satisfied as possible. About 3 hours later, rearrangement was completed. I thought we'd solved almost all of our problems, however -- some juniors expressed their dissatisfaction soon. Some said "Oops, I'm worried about other people's eyes," and some said "Jesus! my space is too narrow."<br/><br/>Haha, it was difficult. However, I think we have to put on our considering caps about our eyes. According to the Northern Europe research, if we are working without partitions, our productivity, motivation, and concentration would decrease, and chances of getting sick would increase. Although there is nothing surprising about this, most Japanese companies don't use partitions in their offices. In order to improve our productivity, we have to create our spaces that we can concentrate. In fact, since there are four PC displays on my desk and they are serving as a surrogate for partitions, I'm comfortable. 
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">titanium</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I and my juniors rearranged our laboratory so that we can accept new faces.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, <span class="f_red">my juniors and I</span> rearranged our laboratory<span class="f_blue"> to make room for </span>new faces.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">We printed out a sketch of our laboratory, and discussed new arrangement.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
We printed out a sketch of our laboratory, and discussed new arrangement<span class="f_red">s</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">We had had a lots of opinions, for example, "I want to move a desk out of the sun to prevent skin irritation," "I need more space," "I'd like to avoid a desk near the entrance," "I want to use two desks," and "I want to isolated."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Of course, It is not possible to reflect all these demands, but we tried to think that we are as fully satisfied as possible.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Of course, <span class="f_red">i</span>t is not possible to <span class="f_blue">accomodate</span> all these demands, but we tried to <span class="f_blue">make everyone as </span>satisfied as possible.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">About 3 hours later, rearrangement was completed.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
About 3 hours later, <span class="f_red">the </span>rearrangement was completed.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I thought we'd solved almost all of our problems, however -- some juniors expressed their dissatisfaction soon.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I thought we'd solved almost all of our problems, <span class="f_blue">but soon,</span> some juniors <span class="f_red">began to express </span>their dissatisfaction<span class="f_gray"><span class="sline"> soon</span></span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Some said "Oops, I'm worried about other people's eyes," and some said "Jesus!</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Some said "Oops, I'm worried about other people's eyes," and some said "Jesus!
<p class="correction_comment">Haha, I think I understand what you are saying, but a more natural way to say it would be: "I'm worried about prying eyes / I'm worried that other people can see what I'm doing."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">my space is too narrow."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Haha, it was difficult.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, I think we have to put on our considering caps about our eyes.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, I think we have to put on our considering caps about our eyes.
<p class="correction_comment">lol! 日本語では「considering caps」はどう言う事ですか？ In English, I don't think we use this expression, so I would say: "...we have to be considerate about other people's privacy."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to the Northern Europe research, if we are working without partitions, our productivity, motivation, and concentration would decrease, and chances of getting sick would increase.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">the</span></span> Northern Europe<span class="f_blue">an</span> research, if we<span class="f_gray"><span class="sline"> are</span></span> work<span class="f_blue">ed</span><span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">ing</span></span> without partitions, our productivity, motivation, and concentration would decrease, and <span class="f_red">our </span>chances of getting sick would increase.
<p class="correction_comment">There are two correct ways to write this sentence:<br/>"...if we work without partitions, our 何々 will decrease..."<br/>"...if we worked without partitions, our 何々would decrease..."<br/>I don't think I could do a thorough enough job of explaining the difference between them here, but if you are interested, this could be a helpful resource (unfortunately not in Japanese though): http://grammar.ccc.commnet.edu/grammar/conditional2.htm<br/><br/>The two forms are roughly equivalent, I think.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although there is nothing surprising about this, most Japanese companies don't use partitions in their offices.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In order to improve our productivity, we have to create our spaces that we can concentrate.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In order to improve our productivity, we <span class="f_blue">should</span> create our <span class="f_blue">own</span> spaces <span class="f_red">in which</span> we can concentrate.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In fact, since there are four PC displays on my desk and they are serving as a surrogate for partitions, I'm comfortable.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red">(But) / (but actually)</span>, since there are four PC displays on my desk and they are serving as a surrogate for partitions, I'm comfortable.
<p class="correction_comment">Good! You can also say: "... and they serve as makeshift partitions, I'm comfortable."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting read! In America, the "cool" thing to do is to have an "open office," with no partitions at all -- in fact, Facebook is building a new office that will put thousands of software developers in the same room. My friend works there and sometimes posts pictures of the progress. Maybe American and Japanese companies should pay more attention to European research!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post! :)<br/>Your comments are really helpful for me.<br/><br/>&gt; 日本語では「considering caps」はどう言う事ですか？<br/>I think there is no word corresponding to "considering caps" in Japanese. If I translate the word, it will be just "考える帽子." In my dictionary, it was written that "put one's considerating [thinking] cap on" means like "give a lot of thought." So I used this phrase, but it may be a really old phrase.<br/><br/>&gt; in fact, Facebook is building a new office that will put thousands of software developers in the same room.<br/>Wow, It's amazing. I also think an "open office" is cool and offers active communications. According to Northern European research, an "open office" is not good for employee, but working on Facebook looks comfortable because of the vast space. On the other hand, most companies in Japan have really small space only, so it looks very stressful. In any case, maybe we shouldn't think about only "design."
</div>
</div>
