---
date: 2015-03-10
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: "0082_day-for-discarding-bulky-trash"
---

# 【No. 0082】Day for Discarding Bulky Trash
<div class="date">Mar 10, 2015 22:14</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
　Today was bulky trash day for our university. Actually, my boss and I describe this day as "treasure day" because we can pick up useful trash which was abandoned by other researchers. This time, I could obtain PC monitor, PC rack, many PC components, many kind of cables, and furniture. I think it's possible to assemble a PC by using only parts that I picked up. I also picked up two projectors, but they were completely broken. Incidentally, my boss picked up a printer that is almost new, and picked up a life-size dolls for research. Anyway, I had a lot of fun today. (As a matter of fact, about 20% of equipments in our laboratory are composed of trash that my boss and I picked up.)
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">LethIthar</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today was bulky trash day for our university.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Actually, my boss and I describe this day as "treasure day" because we can pick up useful trash which was abandoned by other researchers.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This time, I could obtain PC monitor, PC rack, many PC components, many kind of cables, and furniture.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This time, I could obtain <span class="f_blue">a </span>PC monitor, <span class="f_blue">a </span>PC rack, many PC components, many kind<span class="f_blue">s</span> of cables, and furniture.
<p class="correction_comment">The word "obtain" sounds awkward in this sentence. It's not grammatically wrong, but seems a little too formal for a diary. The word "get" might be better.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think it's possible to assemble a PC by using only parts that I picked up.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I also picked up two projectors, but they were completely broken.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Incidentally, my boss picked up a printer that is almost new, and picked up a life-size dolls for research.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Incidentally, my boss picked up a printer that <span class="f_blue">was </span>almost new, and picked up a life-size doll for research.
<p class="correction_comment">Use past tense here because you used past tense in the previous sentence "were completely broken" in reference to a similar object. This makes the paragraph flow better. As a stand alone sentence "is" would be acceptable.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">(As a matter of fact, about 20% of equipments in our laboratory are composed of trash that my boss and I picked up.)</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
(As a matter of fact, about 20% of equipment in our laboratory are composed of trash that my boss and I picked up.)
<p class="correction_comment">The word "equipment" is a collective noun. That means it can refer to single and multiple objects and doesn't need an "s" to make it plural. Something to note about collective nouns is that British English and American English treat them differently with regard to object-verb agreement. British English tends to treat collective nouns as plural for the purpose of conjugation. So, "equipment are" is acceptable. American English tends to treat collective nouns as singular for the purpose of conjugation so "equipment is" is the preferred conjugation. http://www.quickanddirtytips.com/education/grammar/collective-nouns</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
(As a matter of fact, about 20% of equipment in our laboratory are composed of trash that my boss and I picked up.)
<p class="correction_comment">
The word "equipment" is a collective noun. That means it can refer to single and multiple objects and doesn't need an "s" to make it plural. Something to note about collective nouns is that British English and American English treat them differently with regard to object-verb agreement. British English tends to treat collective nouns as plural for the purpose of conjugation. So, "equipment are" is acceptable. American English tends to treat collective nouns as singular for the purpose of conjugation so "equipment is" is the preferred conjugation. http://www.quickanddirtytips.com/education/grammar/collective-nouns
</p>
</li>
</ul></div>
Thank you so much for your helpful correction!<br/>I learned new things! :)  <br/><br/>Ah, I should have noticed that "equipment" is a collective noun. Because a red wavy line was written under the word "equipments" when I typed it. Actually, at first I had typed "furnitures," but I could notice this was wrong because of a red wavy line. hehe.
</div>
</div>
