---
date: 2015-03-11
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
---

# Charity of Yahoo! Japan
<div class="date">Mar 11, 2015 18:12</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
　Yahoo! Japan is conducting a charity event that the company will donate 10 yen per every person who search for "3.11" on Yahoo! search today. The donation will be used for recovery of Tohoku region where was hit by a huge earthquake, tsunami, and nuclear crisis. Yahoo! Japan conducted this charity event also last year, and the company had set an upper limit to 5 million yen corresponding to 50 thousand searchers. However, over 250 thousand people had searched for "3.11" in that day, and finally Yahoo! Japan ignored the upper limit, then over 25 million yen was donated. I didn't know this charity event last year, but I participated to it this year. I wonder how many people search for "3.11" on Yahoo! search today.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Japan is conducting a charity event that the company will donate 10 yen per every person who search for "3.11" on Yahoo!</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Japan is conducting a charity event <span class="f_blue">and</span> the company will (or: <span class="f_blue">pledges to</span>) donate 10 yen per every person who search for "3.11" on Yahoo!
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The donation will be used for recovery of Tohoku region where was hit by a huge earthquake, tsunami, and nuclear crisis.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The donation will be used for recovery of Tohoku region <span class="f_blue">that</span> was hit by a huge earthquake, tsunami, and nuclear crisis.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 How very generous of them!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)<br/><br/>&gt; How very generous of them!<br/>Yes, I also think they are generous, and it's very interesting attempt.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">titanium</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Japan is conducting a charity event that the company will donate 10 yen per every person who search for "3.11" on Yahoo!</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Japan is conducting a charity event <span class="f_red">in which</span> the company will donate 10 yen <span class="f_blue">for </span>every person who search<span class="f_red">es</span> for "3.11" on Yahoo!
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The donation will be used for recovery of Tohoku region where was hit by a huge earthquake, tsunami, and nuclear crisis.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The donation will be used for <span class="f_red">the</span> recovery of <span class="f_red">the </span>Tohoku region, <span class="f_blue">which</span> was hit by a huge earthquake, tsunami, and nuclear crisis.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Japan conducted this charity event also last year, and the company had set an upper limit to 5 million yen corresponding to 50 thousand searchers.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Yahoo! </span>Japan conducted this charity event <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">also </span></span>last year <span class="f_red">as well</span>, and the company had set an upper limit <span class="f_red">of</span> 5 million yen corresponding to 50 thousand searchers.
<p class="correction_comment">(or: had set THE upper limit TO 5 million yen)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, over 250 thousand people had searched for "3.11" in that day, and finally Yahoo!</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, over 250 thousand people <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">had </span></span>searched for "3.11" in that day, and finally Yahoo!
<p class="correction_comment">To walk through the logic of why we use "had set" in the previous sentence and "searched" here:<br/>Time point 1. Yahoo sets the limit.<br/>Time point 2: 250 thousand people search for "3.11."<br/><br/>Since we use the past tense to say that 250 people searched for 3.11, if we want to talk about something that happened even before then, we say "Yahoo had set the limit."<br/><br/>Tricky!</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Japan ignored the upper limit, then over 25 million yen was donated.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Japan ignored the upper limit, <span class="f_red">and</span> over 25 million yen <span class="f_red">were</span> donated.
<p class="correction_comment">I think that WERE donated is correct, since it is plural.<br/><br/>If we were talking about dollars, then "25 million dollars were donated" is absolutely correct, and "25 million dollars was donated" is absolutely wrong.<br/><br/>Since "yen" (1 yen) and "yen" (&gt;1 yen) are spelled the same, it gets tricky, but I think you have to treat it as plural.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I didn't know this charity event last year, but I participated to it this year.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I didn't know <span class="f_red">about</span> this charity event last year, but I participated <span class="f_red">in</span> it this year.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I wonder how many people search for "3.11" on Yahoo!</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I wonder how many people search<span class="f_red">ed</span> for "3.11" on Yahoo!
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Nice to see a big company doing something to help people!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
However, over 250 thousand people <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">had </span></span>searched for "3.11" in that day, and finally Yahoo!
<p class="correction_comment">
To walk through the logic of why we use "had set" in the previous sentence and "searched" here:<br/>Time point 1. Yahoo sets the limit.<br/>Time point 2: 250 thousand people search for "3.11."<br/><br/>Since we use the past tense to say that 250 people searched for 3.11, if we want to talk about something that happened even before then, we say "Yahoo had set the limit."<br/><br/>Tricky!
</p>
</li>
</ul></div>
Thank you so much for your informative corrections! :)<br/><br/>Oh, I see. Actually, I though "Time point 3: over 25 million yen were donated." I need to get used to use of past tenses.<br/><br/>&gt; Nice to see a big company doing something to help people!<br/>Yes, I was happy to see it. (^^)
</div>
</div>
