---
date: 2015-03-12
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">University Entrance Examination Day</h1>
<div class="date">Mar 12, 2015 20:17</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
　Today is an entrance examination day of all national universities in Japan. Since I couldn't go to my laboratory, I was working at my apartment almost all day. Today, I wrote an annual report of my study in English, however, it was really difficult for me. I wanted to use a lot of conjunctive words such as "therefore", but it is unsuitable for academic texts. So I want to distinguish the word "therefore," "hence" and "thus" well. I read some blogs that explain differences between them, but I haven't understood it yet. Actually, I had commissioned an institution to correct my short English paper last year, and many conjunctive words, especially "thus" and "hence" were modified. In the near future, I will post an article about these conjunctive words for my understanding.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (4)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 Maybe this video would help :
 <object height="350" width="425">
  <param name="movie" value="http://www.youtube.com/v/vL05g8eW10s"/>
  <embed height="350" src="http://www.youtube.com/v/vL05g8eW10s" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" width="425"/>
 </object>
 <br/>
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for your comment!<br/>This video was really helpful! :D
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Peterf</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today is an entrance examination day of all national universities in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today is the entrance examination day for all national universities in Japan.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since I couldn't go to my laboratory, I was working at my apartment almost all day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since I couldn't go to my place of work, I was working at my apartment almost all day.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I wrote an annual report of my study in English, however, it was really difficult for me.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I wrote an annual report about my progress in studying English. However, it was really difficult for me.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I wanted to use a lot of conjunctive words such as "therefore", but it is unsuitable for academic texts.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I wanted to use a lot of conjunctive adverbs such as "therefore", but it is unsuitable for academic texts.
<p class="correction_comment">"therefore" is a conjunctive adverb</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I read some blogs that explain differences between them, but I haven't understood it yet.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I read some blogs that explain the differences between them, but I haven't understood the subject yet.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Actually, I had commissioned an institution to correct my short English paper last year, and many conjunctive words, especially "thus" and "hence" were modified.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I commissioned an institution to correct my short English paper last year, and many conjunctive adverbs, especially "thus" and "hence" were modified.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In the near future, I will post an article about these conjunctive words for my understanding.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In the near future, I will post an article about these conjunctive adverbs for others to correct to help with my understanding.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">Echokame</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since I couldn't go to my laboratory, I was working at my apartment almost all day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since I couldn't go to my <span class="f_red">office</span>, I <span class="f_red">worked in</span> my apartment <span class="f_red">most of the</span> day.
<p class="correction_comment">研究室どうしょうか？研究室は色んな意味がありますので、一般的にoffice使ってもいいと思います。</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">So I want to distinguish the word "therefore," "hence" and "thus" well.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
So I want to <span class="f_red">learn how to </span>distinguish the word<span class="f_red">s</span> "therefore," "hence" and "thus" well.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Actually, I had commissioned an institution to correct my short English paper last year, and many conjunctive words, especially "thus" and "hence" were modified.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Actually, I had <span class="f_red">requested</span> <span class="f_red">to have</span> my short English paper <span class="f_red">corrected</span> last year, and many conjunctive words, especially "thus" and "hence" were modified.
<p class="correction_comment">I like Peterf's correction too. This is another way you can say this a little bit less formally. This is something I would say in a more casual conversation.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In the near future, I will post an article about these conjunctive words for my understanding.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In the near future, I will post an article about these conjunctive <span class="f_red">adverbs</span> for <span class="f_red">others to correct and to help me with my </span>understanding.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 This a topic I'm not too familiar with myself so I will watch the video as well. :)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting me! :)<br/>I also have a lot of Japanese grammars that I should learn, haha.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 4　<span class="just_name">titanium</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today is an entrance examination day of all national universities in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today <span class="f_blue">was</span> <span class="f_red">the</span> entrance examination day<span class="f_red"> for</span> all national universities in Japan.
<p class="correction_comment">I use "was" because since you seem to be talking about this at the end of the day, it would be more natural to use "was."<br/><br/>After just waking up, you'd say: "Today is Entrance Examination Day!"<br/><br/>After getting home from work at night, you'd say: "Today was Entrance Examination Day."<br/><br/>日本語では、そんな使う方法がありませんか？</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I read some blogs that explain differences between them, but I haven't understood it yet.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I read some blogs that explain <span class="f_red">the</span> differences between them, but I <span class="f_blue">don't completely understand yet.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Actually, I had commissioned an institution to correct my short English paper last year, and many conjunctive words, especially "thus" and "hence" were modified.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Actually, I had commissioned an institution to correct my short English paper last year, and many conjunctive words, especially "thus" and "hence<span class="f_red">,</span>" were modified.
<p class="correction_comment">American version: ..., especially "thus" and "hence," ... (this is what I've corrected it to)<br/>British version: ..., especially "thus" and "hence", ... <br/><br/>The difference is the placement of the comma. (I think the British version makes more sense and is more logical). You're Japanese, and no American school teacher will ever count you wrong on a test, so use whatever you want!</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In the near future, I will post an article about these conjunctive words for my understanding.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In the near future, I will post an article about these conjunctive words for my <span class="f_blue">own </span>understanding.
<p class="correction_comment">This is a perfectly fine expression. I'd just add "own" to make it sound nicer.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Wow! The whole country shuts down for the test? I'd like to know more about this someday :) Do students select schools, or do the highest-ranked students automatically enrolled in the highest-ranked schools?
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post! :)<br/><br/>&gt; I use "was" because since you seem to be talking about this at the end of the day, it would be more natural to use "was."<br/>&gt; 日本語では、そんな使う方法がありませんか？<br/>Oh, I should use "was." We also think "today was（今日は～の日でした。）" is more natural than "today is （今日は～の日です。）" in this case. <br/><br/>&gt; The difference is the placement of the comma.<br/>I didn't know the difference. Thank you!<br/><br/>&gt; Do students select schools, or do the highest-ranked students automatically enrolled in the highest-ranked schools?<br/>Almost all students select schools, and take an exam. In Japan, there are almost no automatically enrolled systems. Only outstanding students in various schools can take an entrance examination by commendation, but all of them take oral exam. Of course, the higher the school rank is, the easier it is to enter the university by commendation.<br/>I'd like to write about entrance examination in Japan. :)
</div>
</div>
