---
date: 2015-03-13
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: "0085_how-many-times-should-we-knock-a-door"
---

# 【No. 0085】How many times should we knock a door?
<div class="date">Mar 13, 2015 22:43</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I learned how many times we should knock a door.<br/><br/>In Japan, most people think that we should knock a door 2 times anytime.<br/><br/>Essentially, Japanese rooms had been separated by a sliding door made of paper, so we didn't have a custom of knocking.<br/><br/>For this reason, we don't know what the number of knocking means very much.<br/><br/>I also didn't know that until recently.<br/><br/>Generally in the United States and Europe, knocking 2 times means toilet knock, knocking 3 times means close relationship with a person in the room, knocking 4 times means international standard protocol.<br/><br/>Although knocking 3 times is becoming mainstream in the Japanese business scene, nearly 90% of Japanese people knock 2 times yet.<br/><br/>Therefore, if you knocked 3 or more times in Japan, you might seem to be "cool."<br/><br/>But conversely, there is a possibility that you seem to be annoying to knock a door many times.<br/><br/>By the way, the reason for knocking 4 times is derived from Beethoven's Symphony No. 5 "fate."<br/><br/>I heard the beginning of this song represents that the devil is knocking the fate door.<br/>
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
今日は、正しいノックの回数について学びました。<br/><br/>日本では、ドアのノックの回数は、いつでも2回だと思っている人が多いです。<br/><br/>日本は元々、部屋は障子や襖によって仕切られていたため、ノックをする習慣はありませんでした。<br/><br/>このことから、日本ではノックの回数の意味が、あまり定着していません。<br/><br/>私も最近まで、知りませんでした。<br/><br/>欧米では一般的に、2回のノックはトイレの空室確認、3回のノックは親しい間柄の相手に対して、そして、4回のノックは国際標準マナーとされています。<br/><br/>日本のビジネスの現場では、3回ノックが主流になりつつあるようですが、それでも日本人の9割近くは2回ノックをしているようです。<br/><br/>だから、日本で3回以上のノックをすると、「かっこいい」と思われるかもしれません。<br/><br/>しかし逆に、「何度もノックするなんてうるさい奴だ」と思われる恐れもあります。<br/><br/>ちなみに、ノックを4回する理由は、ベートーベンの交響曲第五番「運命」に由来するそうです。<br/><br/>この曲には「ジャジャジャジャーン」という部分がありますが、これは「悪魔が運命の扉をノックする音」だそうですね。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">karupin</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">How many times should we knock a door?</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
How many times should we knock <span class="f_red">on</span> a door?
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I learned how many times we should knock a door.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I learned <span class="f_red">about</span> how many times we should knock <span class="f_red">on</span> a door.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In Japan, most people think that we should knock a door 2 times anytime.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In Japan, most people think that we should knock <span class="f_red">on</span> a door 2 times <span class="sline">anytime.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Essentially, Japanese rooms had been separated by a sliding door made of paper, so we didn't have a custom of knocking.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red">In the past</span>, Japanese rooms <span class="f_red">were</span> separated by a sliding door made of paper so we didn't have a custom of knocking.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">For this reason, we don't know what the number of knocking means very much.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
For this reason, the number of times we knock (on doors) <span class="f_red">was not much of a significance to us.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I also didn't know that until recently.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Generally in the United States and Europe, knocking 2 times means toilet knock, knocking 3 times means close relationship with a person in the room, knocking 4 times means international standard protocol.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Generally in the United States and Europe, knocking <span class="f_red">twice</span> means 'toilet knock', <span class="f_gray">(knocking)</span> <span class="f_red">thrice</span> means 'close relationship with a person in the room', while four knocks follows the international standard protocol.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although knocking 3 times is becoming mainstream in the Japanese business scene, nearly 90% of Japanese people knock 2 times yet.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although knocking <span class="f_red">thrice has</span> becom<span class="f_red">ed</span> mainstream in the Japanese business scene, nearly 90% of Japanese people still knock <span class="f_red">twice</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, if you knocked 3 or more times in Japan, you might seem to be "cool."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, if you knocked 3 or more times in Japan, you might seem<span class="sline"> to be</span> "cool."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">But conversely, there is a possibility that you seem to be annoying to knock a door many times.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Conversely, there is a possibility of you coming off as annoying if you knock too many times.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, the reason for knocking 4 times is derived from Beethoven's Symphony No.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
By the way, the custom of knocking 4 times was derived from Beethoven's Symphony No.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I heard the beginning of this song represents that the devil is knocking the fate door.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The beginning of this song represents the devil knocking <span class="f_red">on Fate's</span> door.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 This was an interesting read! I was not aware of the different meanings behind the knocks. I usually just stick to 3, or more (depending on my mood). haha
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)<br/>I didn't know the adverb "thrice."<br/><br/>&gt; I usually just stick to 3, or more (depending on my mood).<br/>Now I know the meaning of knock, but I think I will knock twice if the mood of the room was strained.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">karupin</span><br>
You're welcome! :D<br/><br/>I just noticed a correction mistake:<br/>x　has becomed<br/>○   has become
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you again! (^^)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">titanium</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">How many times should we knock a door?</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
How many times should we knock<span class="f_blue"> on</span> a door?
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I learned how many times we should knock a door.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I learned how many times we should knock <span class="f_blue">on </span>a door.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In Japan, most people think that we should knock a door 2 times anytime.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In Japan, most people think that we should<span class="f_blue"> always</span> knock<span class="f_blue"> on</span> a door<span class="f_blue"> two</span> times<span class="sline"><span class="f_gray"> anytime</span></span>.
<p class="correction_comment">Usually, for easily-expressed numbers like this, the spelled version is preferred over the arabic numeral. When the number gets more complicated, numerals are fine. No absolute rules, but for example "200,456,832" is better than "two hundred million, four hundred fifty-six thousand, eight hundred thirty-two."<br/><br/>And usually, people will only say something to you about it if the piece of writing is in a more literary context. A post on the internet could use "3" instead of "three" and be perfectly fine. An article in The New Yorker (a literary magazine in the U.S. well-known for its more educated readership and style) would probably always use "three."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Essentially, Japanese rooms had been separated by a sliding door made of paper, so we didn't have a custom of knocking.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Historically</span>, Japanese rooms had been separated by<span class="f_gray"><span class="sline"> a </span> </span>sliding door<span class="f_red">s</span> made of paper, so we didn't have <span class="f_red">the</span> custom of knocking.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">For this reason, we don't know what the number of knocking means very much.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
For this reason, we <span class="f_blue">don't haven't really established any significance regarding</span> the number of knock<span class="f_blue">s</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I also didn't know that until recently.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I <span class="sline"><span class="f_gray">also </span></span>didn't know<span class="f_blue"> either,</span> <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">that </span></span>until recently.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Generally in the United States and Europe, knocking 2 times means toilet knock, knocking 3 times means close relationship with a person in the room, knocking 4 times means international standard protocol.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Generally in the United States and Europe, <span class="f_blue">you knock twice to check if a bathroom is empty</span>, <span class="f_blue">three knocks</span> means <span class="f_blue">you have a</span> close relationship with a person in the room, <span class="f_blue">and </span>knocking <span class="f_blue">four</span> times <span class="f_blue">is</span> international standard protocol.
<p class="correction_comment">You could easily follow this pattern: "two knocks means.... three knocks means... four knocks is..." or "knocking two times means... knocking three times means... knocking four times means..." but I chose to give you a few examples you can use for future lists, and also to make it sound a little more natural and a little less robotic and stiff.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although knocking 3 times is becoming mainstream in the Japanese business scene, nearly 90% of Japanese people knock 2 times yet.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although knocking <span class="f_blue">three</span> times is becoming mainstream in the Japanese business scene, nearly 90% of Japanese people <span class="f_red">still</span> knock 2 times<span class="f_gray"><span class="sline"> yet</span></span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, if you knocked 3 or more times in Japan, you might seem to be "cool."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, if you knock<span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">ed</span></span> 3 or more times in Japan, you might seem <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">to be </span></span>"cool."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">But conversely, there is a possibility that you seem to be annoying to knock a door many times.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
But conversely, there is <span class="f_blue">also the</span> possibility that you seem <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">to be</span></span> annoying<span class="f_blue">,</span> to knock a door <span class="f_blue">so</span> many times.
<p class="correction_comment">"But conversely, there is also the possibility that people might think you are annoying for knocking a door so many times."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">5 "fate."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
5<span class="f_red">,</span> "<span class="f_red">F</span>ate."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I heard the beginning of this song represents that the devil is knocking the fate door.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I heard <span class="f_blue">that </span>the beginning of this song represents <span class="f_blue">the devil knocking on</span> fate<span class="f_blue">'s</span> door.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting post! To be honest, I've never heard of these nuances in knocking etiquette in my life. I don't think most people in the U.S. or other western countries really give a lot of thought about how many times to knock on a door.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 But I'm not surprised that Japan, which is always very concerned about manners, is leading the way in establishing proper manners for knocking!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always your helpful corrections and comments! :)<br/><br/>&gt; But I'm not surprised that Japan, which is always very concerned about manners, is leading the way in establishing proper manners for knocking!<br/>Haha, maybe we are too solicitous about manners. Procedure of exchanging business cards, manners in elevator or hotel or bathroom ..., I think it's difficult to remember all manners.
</div>
</div>
