---
date: 2015-03-17
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0089_the-longest-english-word
---

# 【No. 0089】The Longest English Word
<div class="date">Mar 17, 2015 19:08</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
It was written that interesting things as the followings on a web site:<br/><br/>・"Almost" is the longest English word with all letters alphabetically sorted.<br/>・"Rhythm" is the longest English word without vowels.<br/><br/>Since it was interesting for me that such familiar words are the longest, I searched these things.<br/><br/>Then, "aegilops" and "Adelops" were found as words whose letters are in alphabetical order.<br/><br/>That is, "almost" is an almost longest English word with all letters alphabetically sorted.<br/><br/>Also, "symphysy," "nymphly" and "TWYNDYLLYNG" were found as words without vowels.<br/><br/>Furthermore, it is said that the "y" of the "rhythm" is a vowel, isn't it?<br/><br/>In this way, there is a little difference between the facts and the written things.<br/><br/>I think that the author wanted to make an impact, so he used familiar words as the longest English words.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
あるサイトで、次のような面白いことが書かれていました。<br/><br/>・全ての文字がアルファベット順になっている最も長い単語は "almost"。<br/>・全ての文字が子音で構成されている最も長い単語は "rhythm"。<br/><br/>私はこんな身近な単語が最長なんて面白いと思い、少しこれらについて調べてみました。<br/><br/>すると、全ての文字がアルファベット順になっている単語は、他にも "aegilops" や "Adelops" が見つかりました。<br/><br/>すなわち、"almost" は "ほとんど" 最長のアルファベット順の英単語です。<br/><br/>また、全ての文字が子音で構成されている単語は、"symphysy" や "nymphly," "TWYNDYLLYNG" が見つかりました。<br/><br/>更に、"rhythm" は "y" が母音だとも言われています。<br/><br/>このように、書かれていることと事実は少しだけ違いましすが、これは読む人にインパクトを与えるため、皆が良く知る単語を使ったのだと思います。<br/><br/>
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Chelsea149</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 "Y" is not technically a vowel, the vowels are "a","e","i","o" and "u", but it is often taught as a vowel; it is very confusing.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for your comment. :)<br/>Yes, it's confusing. I heard that "w" is also sometimes regarded as a vowel.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Chelsea149</span><br>
I've never heard of "w" being a vowel but I am from London so it might be used elsewhere.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Sorry, according the the wikipedia, 'w' is a semivowel. It is sometimes difficult for us to distinguish the pronunciation of 'u' and 'w'.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Peterf</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">・"Almost" is the longest English word with all letters alphabetically sorted.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
・"Almost" is the longest English word with all its letters in alphabetic order.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since it was interesting for me that such familiar words are the longest, I searched these things.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since it was interesting for me that such familiar words are the longest, I researched this matter.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Then, "aegilops" and "Adelops" were found as words whose letters are in alphabetical order.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I found "aegilops" and "Adelops" whose letters are in alphabetical order.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">That is, "almost" is an almost longest English word with all letters alphabetically sorted.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
That is, "almost" is almost the longest English word with all letters in alphabetic order.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In this way, there is a little difference between the facts and the written things.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In this way, there is a little difference between the facts and the what has been written.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 "smiles" is the longest word in English - because there is a mile between the first and last letters........
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :)<br/>Haha, It's funny and I like the joke. Thank you for letting me know.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">Oceansea</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 The longest English word that most people know is "antidisestablishmentarianism." This word is almost never used (except to talk about long words).
 <br/>
 <br/>
 But when I looked it up to make sure I spelled it correctly, I discovered an even longer word!
 <br/>
 "Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanoconiosis."
 <br/>
 <br/>
 Apparently, this is a lung disease. Please do not ask me how to say that! Hahaha.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 (None of this information is helpful for learning English... but it is fun to know!)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for your comment. :)<br/>Wow! the word is using forty five characters... it seems to drive me crazy. haha.<br/>However, I tried to hear the pronunciation of the word repeatedly using Google translation, and now I became to able to pronounce it without no text. hehehe.<br/><br/>&gt; but it is fun to know!<br/>Yes, I enjoy it. Also I believe that I can use the word someday. :D
</div>
</div>
