---
date: 2015-03-22
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Baumkuchen</h1>
<div class="date">Mar 22, 2015 20:26</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I ate a slice of Baumkuchen that is my junior's souvenir.<br/><br/>Baumkuchen is a cake that originated in Germany, balm means a tree, and kuchen means a cake.<br/><br/>Also, Baumkuchen has two etymologies.<br/><br/>One is that it had been baked while entwining soft doughs and a stick of oak trees.<br/><br/>The other is that a cross-section of this cake looks like tree rings.<br/><br/>Baumkuchen is very famous as a German cake in Japan, and we often use Baumkuchen as a gift of wedding etc.<br/><br/>However, I heard Baumkuchen is not very famous in Germany.<br/><br/>Someday, I'd like to eat Baumkuchen that are sold in  Dusseldorf, Germany.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
今日は、後輩がおみやげにくれたバームクーヘンを食べました。<br/><br/>バームクーヘンはドイツ発祥のケーキで、バームは木を、クーヘンはお菓子を意味します。<br/><br/>また、この名前には2つの語源説があります。<br/><br/>一つは、柔らかく練った生地を樫の木の棒に絡ませて焼いたから、というものです。<br/><br/>もう一つは、このお菓子の切り口が木の年輪のように見えるから、というものです。<br/><br/>バウムクーヘンは日本ではドイツの菓子としてとてもメジャーであり、よく結婚式などの贈り物などとして使われますが、本場のドイツではあまり有名ではないようです。<br/><br/>一度、ドイツのデュッセルドルフで売られているバームクーヘンを食べてみたいです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">thethinker83</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I ate a slice of Baumkuchen that is my junior's souvenir.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I ate a slice of Baumkuchen that <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">is</span></span> my junior <span class="f_blue">gave as a gift</span> <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">'s souvenir</span></span>.
<p class="correction_comment">This clarifies the sentence a bit.  (The Japanese version helped a lot here.)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Baumkuchen is a cake that originated in Germany, balm means a tree, and kuchen means a cake.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Baumkuchen is a cake that originated in Germany, <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">balm</span></span> <span class="f_blue">baum</span> means a tree, and kuchen means a cake.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, Baumkuchen has two etymologies.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">One is that it had been baked while entwining soft doughs and a stick of oak trees.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
One is that it had been baked while entwining soft dough<span class="f_red"><span class="sline">s</span></span> <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">and</span></span> <span class="f_blue">onto</span> a <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">stick</span><span class="sline"> of</span></span> <span class="f_blue">pole from</span> <span class="f_blue">an</span> oak tree<span class="f_red"><span class="sline">s</span></span>.
<p class="correction_comment">"Sticks" from trees are considered to be rather small--thin and not very long.  I've seen the traditional method of making Baumkuchen and the poles were rather large.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The other is that a cross-section of this cake looks like tree rings.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Baumkuchen is very famous as a German cake in Japan, and we often use Baumkuchen as a gift of wedding etc.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Baumkuchen is very famous as a German cake in Japan, and we often use Baumkuchen as a <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">gift of</span></span> wedding <span class="f_blue">gift</span> etc.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, I heard Baumkuchen is not very famous in Germany.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Someday, I'd like to eat Baumkuchen that are sold in  Dusseldorf, Germany.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Another well written entry!
 <br/>
 I tried Baumkuchen for the first time last month.  It was made in Japan and I bought it at a supermarket that specializes in Asian foods.  It was very good.  :)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for your corrections and helpful comments! :)<br/><br/>&gt; I tried Baumkuchen for the first time last month. It was made in Japan and I bought it at a supermarket that specializes in Asian foods. It was very good. :)<br/>That's great! Since we think tree rings bring us good fortune (tree rings imply long life), we may be making so many Baumkuchen, haha. However, I heard there are big differences between German Baumkuchen and Japanese Baumkuchen. I want to eat real Baumkuchen someday.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Baumkuchen is a cake that originated in Germany, balm means a tree, and kuchen means a cake.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Baumkuchen is a cake that originated in Germany, Baum means "tree", and Kuchen means "cake".
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Baumkuchen is very famous as a German cake in Japan, and we often use Baumkuchen as a gift of wedding etc.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Baumkuchen is very famous as a German cake in Japan, and we often use Baumkuchen as a wedding gift etc.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Yummy!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>Yeah, it was yummy! :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome!
</div>
</div>
