---
date: 2015-03-24
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: 0096_commencement-ceremony
---

# 【No. 0096】Commencement Ceremony
<div class="date">Mar 24, 2015 18:31</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today was my juniors' commencement ceremony.<br/><br/>After the ceremony, I presented my juniors with cacti and alcohol as graduation gifts, and had photos taken with them.<br/><br/>Then, my junior who didn't graduate and I prepared for an after-party, while my juniors who graduated are going to the thank-you party.<br/><br/>Because the graduates will eat a lot of delicious cousin at the thank-you party, we prepared many kinds of sake for the after-party.<br/><br/>The graduates will finish the thank-you party and come back to our university soon, and then, the after-party will be held.<br/><br/>Since I will get drunk and get less able to post my journal, I'm writing while I can.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
今日は後輩たちの卒業式でした。<br/><br/>式が終わった後、後輩たちにサボテンとお酒をプレゼントして、一緒に写真を撮りました。<br/><br/>そして、彼らが謝恩会に行っている間に、私と卒業しなかった私の後輩で、二次会の準備をしました。<br/><br/>彼らは謝恩会で美味しい料理を沢山食べてくるので、二次会には多くの種類の日本酒を用意しました。<br/><br/>もうじき彼らは謝恩会を終えて帰ってきて、二次会が始まります。<br/><br/>恐らく酔っぱらって投稿ができなくなるので、今のうちに投稿しておきます。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Then, my junior who didn't graduate and I prepared for an after-party, while my juniors who graduated are going to the thank-you party.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Then, <span class="f_blue">me </span>and my junior who didn't graduate prepared for an after-party, while my juniors who graduated are going to the thank-you party.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Because the graduates will eat a lot of delicious cousin at the thank-you party, we prepared many kinds of sake for the after-party.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Because the graduates will eat a lot of delicious cu<span class="f_blue">i</span>sin<span class="f_blue">e</span> at the thank-you party, we prepared many kinds of sake for the after-party.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Have a nice party tonight!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post!
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">karupin</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Then, my junior who didn't graduate and I prepared for an after-party, while my juniors who graduated are going to the thank-you party.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Then, my junior<span class="f_red">,</span> who <span class="f_red">has yet to</span> graduate<span class="f_red">,</span> and I prepared for an after-party, while <span class="f_red">the rest of </span>my juniors who graduated <span class="f_red">headed off </span>to the thank-you party.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Because the graduates will eat a lot of delicious cousin at the thank-you party, we prepared many kinds of sake for the after-party.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red">Since</span> the graduates would have had eaten lots of delicious <span class="f_red">cuisine</span> at the thank-you party, we prepared many kinds of sake for the after-party.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The graduates will finish the thank-you party and come back to our university soon, and then, the after-party will be held.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red">Once</span> the graduates are <span class="f_red">done </span>with the thank-you party, they will <span class="f_red">head back</span> to our university, <span class="f_red">where </span>the after-party <span class="f_red">is</span> held.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since I will get drunk and get less able to post my journal, I'm writing while I can.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since I will <span class="f_red">probably</span> be <span class="f_red">too </span>drunk to <span class="f_red">write a coherent entry</span>, I'm writing this now while I can.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Sounds like fun! So how many bottles of sake did you drink? haha
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting me! :)<br/>Haha, maybe I drank just few cups of sake, but I don't remember it very much.
</div>
</div>
