---
date: 2015-03-25
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Hot Spring</h1>
<div class="date">Mar 25, 2015 22:52</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I woke up at my university.<br/><br/>I had a little hangover headache, but I patiently did my research to submit a paper.<br/><br/>In the evening, I went to a hot spring with my junior.<br/><br/>The hot spring, which is surrounded by mountains, have a wide open-air bath, and it was really comfortable.<br/><br/><a href="http://kano.arkoak.com/lang8/photo/zippuku.jpg" target="_blank">http://kano.arkoak.com/lang8/photo/zippuku.jpg</a><br/><br/>Nagano prefecture where I live has about two thousand hot spring facilities, so we can enjoy various hot springs.<br/><br/>Also, there are over 20 thousand hot spring facilities in total in Japan.<br/><br/>When you came to Japan, please do soak and relax in a hot spring bath.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
今日は学校で目が覚めました。<br/><br/>二日酔いで少し頭が痛かったですが、論文を書くためひたすら研究をしました。<br/><br/>夜には、後輩と一緒に温泉に行きました。<br/><br/>山の中にある、広い露天風呂がついた温泉で、とても気持ちがよかったです。<br/><br/><a href="http://kano.arkoak.com/lang8/photo/zippuku.jpg" target="_blank">http://kano.arkoak.com/lang8/photo/zippuku.jpg</a><br/><br/>私の住む長野県は、約2000の温泉施設があり、様々な温泉を楽しむことができます。<br/><br/>また、日本全体では20000以上の温泉施設があります。<br/><br/>日本に来た時は、是非温泉にゆっくり浸かっていってください。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Oceansea</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In the evening, I went to a hot spring with my junior.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In the evening, I went to a hot spring with my junior <span class="f_gray">(what)</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">This is correct... but in English we usually don't refer to people as our "junior" or "senior" the same way that the Japanese do. I think is is better to describe what "junior" is referring to, or else just use a word like "friend" "coworker" "employee" or something.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The hot spring, which is surrounded by mountains, have a wide open-air bath, and it was really comfortable.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The hot spring, which is surrounded by mountains, <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">have </span></span><span class="f_blue">has </span>a wide open-air bath, and it was really comfortable.
<p class="correction_comment">Or, "the hot springs... which are... have..."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Nagano prefecture where I live has about two thousand hot spring facilities, so we can enjoy various hot springs.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Nagano prefecture where I live has about two thousand hot spring facilities, so we can enjoy various hot springs.
<p class="correction_comment">Hey! I've been to Nagano =D</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting me! :)<br/>&gt; Hey! I've been to Nagano =D<br/>Wow, really? I liked nature, so I decided to live in Nagano. I hope you enjoyed this place. (^^)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Oceansea</span><br>
I loved it! I'd like to go back again someday =)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Please come back to Japan again sometime! :D
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Oceansea</span><br>
I hope I can someday! I need to show the man who taught me to play Go （囲碁）how much I have improved! XD
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Wow, you play Go? Cool! And showing your growth must be so exciting!<br/>Although I like Japanese manga "Hikaru no Go," I can't play Go.<br/>Actually, about 80% Japanese don't know the rule of Go, so you look really cool!
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Oceansea</span><br>
Yeah, I learned to play while in Japan. A friend of the people I was staying with taught me. I also like Hikaru no Go a lot. It is one of the anime I use to study.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Sounds nice. I think it's a really intelligent and elegant game. I’m jealous!
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Oceansea</span><br>
You should learn how to play! Then we could be Go buddies! XD
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Yeah, I'd like to be able to play Go with you someday! I will learn Go bit by bit between my study! :D
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Oceansea</span><br>
Haha, no pressure =)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">titanium</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I woke up at my university.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I had a little hangover headache, but I patiently did my research to submit a paper.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In the evening, I went to a hot spring with my junior.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In the evening, I went to a hot spring with my junior.
<p class="correction_comment">Good! But as the previous commenter shows, in English it's not so common to refer to coworkers/companions as "juniors" or "seniors..." "coworker"/"lab-mate" etc. is sufficient; it's more natural only to bring up ranking/seniority if it becomes important in the context.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The hot spring, which is surrounded by mountains, have a wide open-air bath, and it was really comfortable.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The hot spring, which <span class="f_red">was</span> surrounded by mountains, ha<span class="f_red">d</span> a wide open-air bath, and it was really comfortable.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Nagano prefecture where I live has about two thousand hot spring facilities, so we can enjoy various hot springs.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Nagano prefecture<span class="f_red">,</span> where I live<span class="f_red">,</span> has about two thousand hot spring facilities, so we can enjoy various hot springs.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, there are over 20 thousand hot spring facilities in total in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When you came to Japan, please do soak and relax in a hot spring bath.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 めっちゃ綺麗ですね！
 <br/>
 僕は日本の温泉・ゆに行ったことがありますよ！先生と一緒に行きました。裸はずって事を知らなかった。可笑しくて面白かったです！
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :)<br/>&gt; 僕は日本の温泉・ゆに行ったことがありますよ！先生と一緒に行きました。裸はずって事を知らなかった。可笑しくて面白かったです！<br/>Sounds nice!<br/>Haha, 温泉の写真に裸の人は普通写っていないから、実際に行くまでわからないかもしれませんね。私は山の中にある温泉が大好きで、よく行きます。数は少ないですが、混浴（mixed bathing, 男女が一緒に入るお風呂）もありますよ！
</div>
</div>
