---
date: 2015-04-08
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">When I post English sentences with my native language on Lang-8.</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Apr 8, 2015 22:42</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
When I post English sentences with my native language on Lang-8.<br/>Lang-8で母語の文章を掲載するにあたって<br/><br/>Recently, when I post an English article, I also post article in my native language (Japanese) at the same time.<br/>私はLang-8に英語で記事を投稿するとき、母語（日本語）での文章も同時に投稿します。<br/><br/>And for now, I had written Japanese sentences in the form that is prepared for an article in a native language.<br/>これまでは、母語で書くスペースがあったので、そこに日本語の文章を書いてきました。<br/><br/>However, I found that some people was writing sentences in a learning language and sentences in a native language alternately like this.<br/>しかし他の人の記事を見ていると、このように学習中の言語の文章と母語の文章を交互に書いている人がいました。<br/><br/>Posting articles with our native languages is convenient to corrections, but if the distance between the article in their learning languages and the article in their native language was far, it might be a little troublesome to refer to their sentences.<br/>母語での投稿は、添削をするにあたり便利ではありますが、文章が離れていると対応する箇所を参照するのが少し面倒かもしれません。<br/><br/>On the other hand, if we used this style, it would be easy to refer to corresponding sentences.<br/>それに対して、このようにすれば、参照が容易になります。<br/><br/>Since I thought this idea was good, I am currently imitating that.<br/>私は、これは良いアイデアだと思い、現在真似をしています。<br/><br/>For other people who are using Lang-8, what do they think about this style?<br/>他の添削する方々にとっては、このようなスタイルはどうなのでしょうか？<br/><br/>I would be grateful if you could tell me about your views.<br/>意見を頂けたら幸いな思いです。
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">minnieme</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When I post English sentences with my native language on Lang-8.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
When I post English sentences <span class="f_blue">alongside the sentences in my native language</span>/ with<span class="f_blue"> the original transcript in my </span>native language on Lang-8.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Recently, when I post an English article, I also post article in my native language (Japanese) at the same time.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Recently, when I post an English article, I also post <span class="f_blue">the same </span>article in my native language (Japanese) at the same time/<span class="f_blue">simultaneously</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">And for now, I had written Japanese sentences in the form that is prepared for an article in a native language.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
And <span class="sline">for now </span><span class="f_blue">at first/so far</span>, I had written Japanese sentences <span class="f_blue">in the space that was given/</span> <span class="sline">form</span> that was <span class="f_blue">originally for</span> the article in the writer's native language.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, I found that some people was writing sentences in a learning language and sentences in a native language alternately like this.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, I found that some people<span class="sline"> was</span> <span class="f_blue">were</span> writing sentences <span class="f_blue">in the language they were learning</span> and then placing the sentences <span class="f_blue">that were</span> in their native language <span class="f_blue">directly below/after </span>each sentence <span class="sline">alternately</span> like this/<span class="f_blue">like so</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">'some people' is plural so 'was' -&gt; 'were'</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Posting articles with our native languages is convenient to corrections, but if the distance between the article in their learning languages and the article in their native language was far, it might be a little troublesome to refer to their sentences.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Posting articles <span class="f_blue">with/alongside the entry written</span> in our native languages is convenient to <span class="f_blue">correct/for</span> corrections, but if the distance between the article in the<span class="f_blue"> language they are learning</span> and the article in their native language <span class="sline">was</span><span class="f_blue"> is too far apart</span>, it might be a little troublesome to refer to their sentences.
<p class="correction_comment">'convenient to ~' in this case the '~' is a verb; when you're using 'convenient for ~' , the '~' is a noun (usually -there are exceptions)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">On the other hand, if we used this style, it would be easy to refer to corresponding sentences.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
On the other hand, if we used this style/<span class="f_blue">method</span>, it would be easy/<span class="f_blue">easier </span>to refer to<span class="f_blue"> the </span>corresponding sentences.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since I thought this idea was good, I am currently imitating that.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since I thought this idea was good, I am currently imitating that/<span class="f_blue">I am currently putting it into practice.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">the second sentence might sound more natural :)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">For other people who are using Lang-8, what do they think about this style?</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
For other people who are using Lang-8, what do <span class="f_blue">you</span> think about this style/<span class="f_blue">method</span>?
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I would be grateful if you could tell me about your views.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I would be grateful if you could tell me about your views/<span class="f_blue">thoughts and opinions.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 It sounds like a good idea :) However, for people who write very long entries, it might be a bit troublesome to go back and forth between the language they are studying and their native language whenever they're writing their posts -but it sounds like something that would work for most users and it would make the lives of the people correcting their posts much easier! :)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for your corrections and your comments!<br/>You opinion is very helpful to me. :)<br/>I'll post several times using this method, and I'd like to learn other advantages and disadvantages by doing.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Sunny</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 I think this is really useful! While correcting English, Japanese learners will also have the chance to practice their Japanese. I learned a lot of kanji just from reading through this entry. Thank you for that! :)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for your comment and your opinion!<br/>It's helpful to me and I'm glad to read your words. :)<br/><br/>&gt; Japanese learners<br/>Oh, maybe I said "people who are learning Japanese."<br/>I learned the new cool expression! Thank you!
</div>
</div>
