---
date: 2015-04-09
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: "0112_salt-content-in-a-ramen"
---

# 【No. 0112】Salt Content in a Ramen
<div class="date">Apr 9, 2015 23:12</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Salt Content in a Ramen<br/>ラーメンの塩分<br/><br/>Today, I went to a ramen shop to eat Szechuan spicy noodles with my friends.<br/>今日は友人と、ラーメン屋に担々麺を食べに行きました。<br/><br/>The ramens, especially the Szechuan spicy noodles have a high salt content, and it's not good for our health.<br/>ラーメン、特に担々麺は塩分含有量が高く、あまり健康には良くありません。<br/><br/>In fact, the salt content of the Szechuan spicy noodles is about 6.3 grams.<br/>実際、担々麺の塩分含有量は約 6.3 g です。<br/><br/>According to the WHO, it is recommended that people limit their salt intake no more than 5 grams per day.<br/>WHOでは一日の塩分摂取量が 5 g 以下になることを推奨しています。<br/><br/>Also, the US government recommends that Americans limit their salt intake no more than about 6 grams per day to prevent a cardiovascular disease.<br/>また、米国では心臓血管病の予防のため、一日の塩分摂取量が約 6 g 以下になるよう呼びかけています。<br/><br/>That is, if you ate the Szechuan spicy noodles, your health would be exposed to risk.<br/>つまり、担々麺を食べた時点でアウトです。<br/><br/>However, Japanese people get salt average 10 g per day.<br/>しかし、日本人は一日に平均 10 g の塩分を摂取しています。<br/><br/>Therefore, most Japanese people have the problem of high-blood pressure.<br/>このため、日本人は高血圧の人が非常に多いです。<br/><br/>I'd like to be careful not to become HBP.<br/>私も高血圧にならないよう気を付けたいです。
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Oceansea</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In fact, the salt content of the Szechuan spicy noodles is about 6.3 grams.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In fact, the salt content of <span class="sline"><span class="f_gray">the </span></span>Szechuan spicy noodles is about 6.3 grams.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to the WHO, it is recommended that people limit their salt intake no more than 5 grams per day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to the WHO, it is recommended that people limit their salt intake <span class="f_red">to </span>no more than 5 grams per day.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, the US government recommends that Americans limit their salt intake no more than about 6 grams per day to prevent a cardiovascular disease.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, the US government recommends that Americans limit their salt intake <span class="f_red">to </span>no more than about 6 grams per day to prevent a cardiovascular disease.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">That is, if you ate the Szechuan spicy noodles, your health would be exposed to risk.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
That is, if you ate <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">the</span></span> Szechuan spicy noodles, your health would be exposed to risk.
<p class="correction_comment">You don't need "the" before a capitalized food name.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, Japanese people get salt average 10 g per day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, Japanese people get <span class="f_red">an </span>average <span class="f_red">of </span>10 g <span class="f_red">of salt</span> per day.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, most Japanese people have the problem of high-blood pressure.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, most Japanese people have the problem of high blood pressure.
<p class="correction_comment">You can also say: "...have a problem with high blood pressure."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I'd like to be careful not to become HBP.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I'd like to be careful not to <span class="f_red">get </span>HBP.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
However, Japanese people get <span class="f_red">an </span>average <span class="f_red">of </span>10 g <span class="f_red">of salt</span> per day.
</li>
</ul></div>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>Ah, I had a similar mistake again. 次は間違えません！
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Sunny</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Salt Content in a Ramen</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Salt Content in Ramen
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I went to a ramen shop to eat Szechuan spicy noodles with my friends.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The ramens, especially the Szechuan spicy noodles have a high salt content, and it's not good for our health.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Ramen, especially the Szechuan spicy noodles, has a high salt content, and it's not good for our health.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">That is, if you ate the Szechuan spicy noodles, your health would be exposed to risk.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
That is, if you ate Szechuan spicy noodles, your health would be at risk.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting, I didn't know this. In America there is definitely a problem with high blood pressure, haha ^^'
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting me!! :)<br/>Since I like American volumy foods, if I live in America, I will have high blood pressure with high probability. haha. 
</div>
</div>
