---
date: 2015-04-10
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
---

# Subarachnoid Hemorrhage
<div class="date">Apr 10, 2015 23:33</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Subarachnoid Hemorrhage<br/>くも膜下出血<br/><br/>Yesterday, I was informed that my customer, who is a dentist, had been hospitalized with subarachnoid hemorrhage from ruptured intracranial aneurysms.<br/>昨日、私の顧客である歯医者の先生が、脳動脈瘤破裂によるくも膜下出血で入院していたことを知りました。<br/><br/>The subarachnoid hemorrhage refers to the state in which the blood was mixed in the cerebrospinal fluid, caused by bleeding in a subarachnoid space in a brain.<br/>くも膜下出血とは、脳内のくも膜下腔に出血が生じ、脳髄液中に血液が混入した状態を指します。<br/><br/>This is a horrible disease, it is said that about one-third will die at the same time as the bleeding, and only one-third can return to society.<br/>これは恐ろしい病気で、約1/3は出血と同時に死んでしまい、社会復帰できるのもまた約1/3だと言われています。<br/><br/>I was really relieved, because the dentist got back into society a few days ago.<br/>その先生は、最近社会復帰できたようで、本当に安心しました。
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This is a horrible disease, it is said that about one-third will die at the same time as the bleeding, and only one-third can return to society.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This is a horrible disease, it is said that about one-third will die at the same time as the bleeding, and only one-third can return to <span class="f_blue">normal life</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I was really relieved, because the dentist got back into society a few days ago.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I was really relieved, because the dentist got back <span class="f_blue">to his duties</span> a few days ago.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Wow that's scary!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)<br/>Yes, I was very scared.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Sunny</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Subarachnoid Hemorrhage</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, I was informed that my customer, who is a dentist, had been hospitalized with subarachnoid hemorrhage from ruptured intracranial aneurysms.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The subarachnoid hemorrhage refers to the state in which the blood was mixed in the cerebrospinal fluid, caused by bleeding in a subarachnoid space in a brain.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
A subarachnoid hemorrhage refers to the condition in which blood mixes with the cerebrospinal fluid, caused by bleeding in a subarachnoid space in a brain.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This is a horrible disease, it is said that about one-third will die at the same time as the bleeding, and only one-third can return to society.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This is a horrible disease; it is said that about one-third will die at the time of the bleeding, and only one-third can return to a normal life.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 That's really terrifying, wow. I sincerely hope he is doing alright. I remember when I first learned about aneurysms and brain hemorrhages, it was really alarming. My best wishes go to him!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for your corrections and comment! (^^)<br/>Yes, it was shocking. I hope the cause of aneurysms will be elucidated in considerable detail in the near future.
</div>
</div>
