---
date: 2015-04-13
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# The farthest location from the center of the Earth
<div class="date">Apr 13, 2015 19:13</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
The farthest location from the center of the Earth<br/>地球の中心から最も遠い場所<br/><br/>Today, I learned about the farthest location from the center of the Earth.<br/>今日、地球の中心から最も遠い場所を学びました。<br/><br/>Simply think, the location seems to be Everest, which is the highest mountain, but this is wrong.<br/>単純に考えると、世界で最も標高の高いエベレストだと思うかもしれませんが、違います。<br/><br/>Actually, the equatorial radius of the earth is about 20 km longer than the polar radius (distance from the Antarctic to the Arctic) due to the centrifugal force by rotation.<br/>地球は自転による遠心力で、赤道半径のほうが極半径（南極から北極までの距離）よりも約20km程大きいのです。<br/><br/>Therefore, the correct answer is Chimborazo, which is the highest mountain in Ecuador.<br/>そのため、正解はエクアドルのチンボラソという山です。<br/><br/>The peak elevation of Chimborazo is about 6,268 metres, and Everest is about 8,848 meters, however, the distance from the center of the Earth; to Chimborazo is about 6,384.4 kilometers, to Everest is about 6,382.3 kilometers.<br/>チンボラソの標高は約6310m、エベレストの標高は約8848mですが、地球の中心からの距離ではチンボラソが約6,384.4km、エベレストが6,382.3kmとなっています。<br/><br/>In other words, Chimborazo is the closest location to the universe.<br/>すなわち、チンボラソは地球上で最も宇宙に近い地点だと言えます。<br/><br/>Also, while the deepest location in the world is Challenger Deep of Mariana Islands, the closest place from the center of the Earth is Litke Deep of Greenland.<br/>また、世界で最も深い場所はマリアナ諸島のチャレンジャー海淵ですが、地球の中心から最も近い場所は、グリーンランドのリトケ海淵です。
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Sunny</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The farthest location from the center of the Earth</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I learned about the farthest location from the center of the Earth.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Simply think, the location seems to be Everest, which is the highest mountain, but this is wrong.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I simply thought that the location would be Everest, which is the tallest mountain in the world, but I was wrong.
<p class="correction_comment">Alternatively: One may think that the farthest location is Everest, which is the tallest mountain in the world, but this is a common misconception.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Actually, the equatorial radius of the earth is about 20 km longer than the polar radius (distance from the Antarctic to the Arctic) due to the centrifugal force by rotation.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, the correct answer is Chimborazo, which is the highest mountain in Ecuador.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The peak elevation of Chimborazo is about 6,268 metres, and Everest is about 8,848 meters, however, the distance from the center of the Earth; to Chimborazo is about 6,384.4 kilometers, to Everest is about 6,382.3 kilometers.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The peak elevation of Chimborazo is about 6,268 metres, while the elevation of Everest is about 8,848 meters; however, the distance from the center of the Earth to Chimborazo is about 6,384.4 kilometers, and to Everest it is about 6,382.3 kilometers.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In other words, Chimborazo is the closest location to the universe.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, while the deepest location in the world is Challenger Deep of Mariana Islands, the closest place from the center of the Earth is Litke Deep of Greenland.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, while the deepest part in the world is widely considered to be the Challenger Deep of Mariana Islands, the closest place to the center of the Earth is Litke Deep of Greenland.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 How interesting! I learned something new today. This almost makes me want to climb Chimborazo, to be the closest to the universe... ^-^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>I'd like to climb Chimborazo someday too. :)<br/><br/>I have one question.<br/>According to Oxford Pocket English Usage, using the phrase "the highest mountain" instead of "the tallest mountain" was recommended, but should we say like "which is the tallest mountain in the world?"
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Sunny</span><br>
No problem! :) Sorry about that, I think you're correct - Oxford prefers "highest" to "tallest." It seems I corrected it to a more colloquial version. I think both are OK. Personally, I prefer "tallest mountain" because I hear it said more often, but in writing "highest" is probably better.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Oh, I see. Thank you for letting me know about these nuances!
</div>
</div>
