---
date: 2015-06-09
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# The temperature that water density become maximum.
<div class="date">Jun 9, 2015 12:53</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Generally, solid has higher density than liquid, but water is different.<br/><br/>The temperature that water density become maximum is around 3.98 degrees Celsius .<br/><br/>When water freeze and become ice, the volume will increase and the density will decrease, because the crystal structure have a lot of gaps.<br/><br/>However, if the ice is melting a little, the volume will decrease and the density will increase, because the water molecules will get through the gaps of the crystal.<br/><br/>Also, if the temperature exceed 3.98 degrees Celsius, the volume will decrease but the density will also decrease, because the intermolecular distance of the water will increase.<br/><br/>For these reasons, ice float on water.<br/><br/>You might feel that this phenomenon is natural, but it's really special and rare.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
一般的に固体は液体よりも密度が高いですが、水の場合は違います。<br/><br/>水は約3.98℃のとき、密度が最大になるのです。<br/><br/>水は凍ると、隙間の多い結晶になるため、体積が増加して密度が下がります。<br/><br/>しかし少し溶けた状態だと、結晶の隙間に水分子が入りこむため、体積が減少して密度が上がります。<br/><br/>また、3.98℃を超えると、体積の減少よりも分子間距離が長くなる影響が大きくなり、密度が下がります。<br/><br/>このような理由から、氷は水に浮かびます。<br/><br/>この現象は自然に感じるかもしれませんが、実は非常に特殊なことなのです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Kanpachi</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Generally, solid has higher density than liquid, but water is different.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Generally, <span class="f_red">solids have a</span> higher density than <span class="f_red">liquids</span>, but water is different.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The temperature that water density become maximum is around 3.98 degrees Celsius .</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The temperature that water density <span class="f_blue">is maximized</span> is around 3.98 degrees Celsius<span class="f_red">.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When water freeze and become ice, the volume will increase and the density will decrease, because the crystal structure have a lot of gaps.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
When water <span class="f_red">freezes</span> and <span class="f_red">becomes </span>ice, the volume <span class="f_blue">increases while the</span> density <span class="f_blue">decreases</span>, because the crystal structure <span class="f_red">has</span> a lot of gaps.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, if the ice is melting a little, the volume will decrease and the density will increase, because the water molecules will get through the gaps of the crystal.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, if the ice is <span class="f_blue">partially melted</span>, the volume <span class="f_blue">decreases while the density increases</span>, because the water molecules <span class="f_blue">can fit</span> through the gaps of the crystal.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, if the temperature exceed 3.98 degrees Celsius, the volume will decrease but the density will also decrease, because the intermolecular distance of the water will increase.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, if the temperature <span class="f_red">exceeds</span> 3.98 degrees Celsius, the volume <span class="f_blue">decreases,</span> but <span class="f_blue">in this case, </span>the density will also decrease, because <span class="f_blue">of the increasing</span> intermolecular distance of the water.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">For these reasons, ice float on water.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
For these reasons, ice <span class="f_red">floats</span> on water.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">You might feel that this phenomenon is natural, but it's really special and rare.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
You might feel that this phenomenon is natural, but it's <span class="f_blue">actually</span> <span class="f_blue">very </span>special and rare.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!! :D
</div>
</div>
