---
date: 2015-06-22
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0186_definition-of-meter
---

# 【No. 0186】Definition of Meter
<div class="date">Jun 22, 2015 20:31</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I learned about a length unit 'meter.'<br/><br/>In the past, the <em>meter</em> was defined as one ten-millionth of the distance from the equator to the North Pole, and and a prototype meter was created..<br/><br/>However, the prototype meter had some problems like a lack of invariance.<br/><br/>After that, various definitions were proposed, and in 1986, the problem was eventually resolved.<br/><br/>The new definition of the meter is based on light speed, and it defined as the distance that light travels in 1/299792485 seconds In a vacuum.<br/><br/>There is a possibility that the definition is influenced by the general theory of relativity, but CIPM(International Committee for Weights and Measures) decided that the slight error can be ignored.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, the prototype meter had some problems like a lack of invariance.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, the prototype meter had some problems (or: <span class="f_blue">flaws/shortcomings</span>) like a lack of invariance.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The new definition of the meter is based on light speed, and it defined as the distance that light travels in 1/299792485 seconds In a vacuum.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The new definition of the meter is based on light speed, and it <span class="f_blue">is</span> defined as the distance that light travels in 1/299792485 seconds In a vacuum.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 As interesting as always!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post! :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome! (^___^)
</div>
</div>
