---
date: 2015-07-07
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Red Tea and Oolong Tea and Green Tea</h1>
<div class="date">Jul 7, 2015 13:01</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
There are some kinds of tea, such as red tea, oolong tea and green tea.<br/><br/>However, all of them are made from the same kind leaves.<br/><br/>The difference is their production methods.<br/><br/>If we completely ferment the leaves, it will be red tea. <br/><br/>If we ferment in half degree the leaves, it will be oolong tea. <br/><br/>If we don't ferment the leaves at all, it will be green tea.<br/><br/>By fermenting, the leaves' green color change to bister color gradually.<br/><br/>In Japan, most tea that have been produced is green tea.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Mike</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Red Tea and Oolong Tea and Green Tea</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Red Tea, Oolong Tea, and Green Tea
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There are some kinds of tea, such as red tea, oolong tea and green tea.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
There are several kinds of tea, such as red tea, oolong tea, and green tea.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, all of them are made from the same kind leaves.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, all of them are made from the same kind of leaves.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The difference is their production methods.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If we completely ferment the leaves, it will be red tea.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If we ferment in half degree the leaves, it will be oolong tea.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
If we ferment the leaves in half degree, it will be oolong tea.
<p class="correction_comment">I'm not sure what "half degree" means.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By fermenting, the leaves' green color change to bister color gradually.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
By fermenting, the leaves' green color change to bister color gradually.
<p class="correction_comment">Good job with leaves'.  What does "bister" mean?</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In Japan, most tea that have been produced is green tea.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In Japan, most tea produced is green tea.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :)<br/><br/>&gt; I'm not sure what "half degree" means.<br/>Sorry for the confusion.<br/>I wanted to say something like "the level of fermentation is around 50%."<br/>I hope this makes sense.<br/><br/>&gt; What does "bister" mean?<br/>I wanted to express tea-like brown, and my dictionary said something like "bister means burnt umber(medium brown) or dark brown color," so I used this word.<br/>
</div>
</div>
