---
date: 2015-07-11
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0205_the-moon-names
---

# 【No. 0205】The Moon Names
<div class="date">Jul 11, 2015 15:47</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
In Japan, there are many moon names depending on their phases.<br/><br/>Actually, many Japanese people don't know all of the moon names.<br/><br/>Today, I'd like to introduce some of them.<br/><br/>If you could say various moon names in Japan, we would think you're so cool.<br/><br/>The 1st day: 新月(shingetsu), which means the new moon.<br/><br/>The 3rd day: 三日月(mikazuki), which means the crescent moon.<br/><br/>The 7th day: 上弦の月(jogen-no-tsuki), which means the first quarter moon.<br/><br/>The 13th day: 十三夜(jusanya), which means the waxing gibbous.<br/><br/>The 14th day: 小望月(komochizuki), which means the eve of the full moon.<br/><br/>The 15th day: 満月(mangetsu), which means the full moon.<br/><br/>The 16th day: 十六夜(izayoi), which means the next night of the full moon. We need to be careful about the way of reading this kanji.<br/><br/>The 17th day: 立待月(tachimachizuki), which means the moon-waiting in a standing position.<br/><br/>The 18th day: 居待月(imachizuki), which means moon-waiting in a sitting position(waning gibbous).<br/><br/>The 19th day: 寝待月(nemachizuki), which means the moon-waiting in a lying position.<br/><br/>The 20th day: 更待月(fukemachizuki), which means the moon-waiting late at night.<br/><br/>The 23th day: 下弦の月(kagen-no-tsuki), which means the last quarter moon.<br/><br/>The 26th day: 有明の月(ariake-no-tsuki), which means the waning crescent or the dawn moon.<br/><br/>The 30th day: 晦日月(misokazuki, or tsugomori), which means the dark moon.<br/><br/>There are still too many names...haha.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Actually, many Japanese people don't know all of the moon names.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Actually, many Japanese people don't know all of them.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I knew only one of the above "mangetsu" &lt;^^;
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for collecting my post!<br/>Since mangetsu is beautiful, I like it. :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span><br>
My pleasure ~ Same here ^^
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">ジミー</span><br>
You could say"Actually, many Japanese people don't know all of the names of the moon.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">ジミー</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 Thanks for posting this. Without this, I wouldn't know how to say waxing gibbous, waning gibbous, or waning crescent in Japanese.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
My pleasure! :)
</div>
</div>
