---
date: 2015-07-12
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Our Voices on Cell Phone </h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Jul 12, 2015 13:39</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Have you misunderstood someone's voice on your cell phone?<br/><br/>Actually, it's a natural thing.<br/><br/>The voice which you have heard is a kind of synthesized voice.<br/><br/>Around three thousand voices are registered on the codebook, and the most similar voice is chosen based on the characteristic of speaker's voice and played while we are talking.<br/><br/>Since our voice data are too enormous, this technology called "CELP" has been used.<br/><br/>Therefore, if there are two persons who have a similar voice, it will be so difficult to distinguish them in dependence upon their voices.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, if there are two persons who have a similar voice, it will be so difficult to distinguish them in dependence upon their voices.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, if there are two persons/<span class="f_blue">people </span>who have a similar voice, it will be so difficult to distinguish them in dependence upon their voices.
<p class="correction_comment">"Persons" is not incorrect but "people" is most commonly used.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting information :)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction and your comment! :D
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span><br>
いえいえ～～
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Have you misunderstood someone's voice on your cell phone?</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Have you (<span class="f_blue">ever</span>) misunderstood someone's voice (<span class="f_blue">when talking</span>) on your cell phone?
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Around three thousand voices are registered on the codebook, and the most similar voice is chosen based on the characteristic of speaker's voice and played while we are talking.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Around three thousand voices (or: <span class="f_blue">voice/speech patterns</span>) are registered on the codebook, and the most similar voice is chosen based on the characteristic of speaker's voice and played while we are talking.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome!
</div>
</div>
