---
date: 2015-07-14
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">A Risk of Water Flasks</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Jul 14, 2015 14:15</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
As summer approaches, we will need to receive hydration frequently.<br/><br/>At such a time, a water flask is useful because of its portability.<br/><br/>I think some people put isotonic drink or juice in the water flask.<br/><br/>Such drink containing salt and sugar is effective to heat stroke, but if the water flask is made of metal like aluminium or stainless, please be careful.<br/><br/>Most of these metals are easy to react with acidic liquid such as isotonic drink, juice, carbonated beverages.<br/><br/>In particular, coke have really high acidity, and it easy to melt metals.<br/><br/>If we drank these beverages containing melted metals, we will be poisoning.<br/><br/>Therefore, please do not put beverages except water in your water flask.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think some people put isotonic drink or juice in the water flask.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I think some people carry isotonic drink or juice in their water flask.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Such drink containing salt and sugar is effective to heat stroke, but if the water flask is made of metal like aluminium or stainless, please be careful.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Such a drink containing salt and sugar is effective to heat stroke, but if the water flask is made of metal like aluminium or stainless, please be careful.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Most of these metals are easy to react with acidic liquid such as isotonic drink, juice, carbonated beverages.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Most of these metals are easy to react/<span class="f_blue">easily react</span> with acidic liquid such as isotonic drink, juice, carbonated beverages.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In particular, coke have really high acidity, and it easy to melt metals.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In particular, coke has really high acidity, which can melt metals easily.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If we drank these beverages containing melted metals, we will be poisoning.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
If we dr<span class="f_blue">i</span>nk these beverages containing melted metals, we will be poisoned.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post!:D
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span><br>
Not a problem ~
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">karupin</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">A Risk of Water Flasks</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As summer approaches, we will need to receive hydration frequently.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
As summer approaches, it's important to stay <span class="f_gray">(adequately)</span> hydrated.
<p class="correction_comment">Not wrong, but here's another way to put it :)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">At such a time, a water flask is useful because of its portability.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">In times like these</span>, a water flask is useful because of its portability.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think some people put isotonic drink or juice in the water flask.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I think there are people who would substitute water with an isotonic drink or juice in the water flask.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Such drink containing salt and sugar is effective to heat stroke, but if the water flask is made of metal like aluminium or stainless, please be careful.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Even though such drinks contain salt and sugar which are effective against heat stroke, you have to be mindful/careful not to store them in water flasks made of metal-like aluminium or stainless.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Most of these metals are easy to react with acidic liquid such as isotonic drink, juice, carbonated beverages.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Most of these metals <span class="f_red">react easily</span> with acidic liquid such as isotonic drink, juice, and carbonated beverages.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, please do not put beverages except water in your water flask.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Good to know! Though I can understand why some people do this since water is well... not that tasty. haha!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>Haha, water have no taste indeed. But somehow I like water, and I always drink water. :)
</div>
</div>
