---
date: 2015-08-08
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: "0233_japanese-like-a-kleenex"
---

# 【No. 0233】Japanese Like a Kleenex.
<div class="date">Aug 8, 2015 14:44</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Japanese people really like a Kleenex, and annual consumption of it in Japan is the world's highest.<br/><br/>Amount of the Kleenex used in Japan per person per year is around 4 kilograms, while it is around 1.2 kilograms in the US.<br/><br/>Since we often use it, the price is less than half of the world average.<br/><br/>In city in Japan, pocket Kleenex on which company advertisements printed are often handed out for free on the street.<br/><br/>We use a Kleenex when blow our nose, and we almost always discard it quickly after the blow.<br/><br/>Therefore, I think we would be surprised when we saw that the Kleenex was reused in oversea.<br/><br/>By the way, we call Kleenex 'tissue(ティッシュ),' instead of 'Kleenex.'
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">hikki_lurver</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Japanese people really like a Kleenex, and annual consumption of it in Japan is the world's highest.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Japanese people really like tissue, and annual consumption of it in Japan is the world's highest.
<p class="correction_comment">Kleenex is the brand. Tissue is the actual... thing. But the word Kleenex has been associated with tissue so deeply that some people use it interchangeably. So I understand why you wrote Kleenex.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Amount of the Kleenex used in Japan per person per year is around 4 kilograms, while it is around 1.2 kilograms in the US.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The amount of tissue used in Japan per person a year is around 4 kilograms, while it is only around 1.2 kilograms in the US.
<p class="correction_comment">Since you wrote per before, maybe "per year" to "a year" would sound a little better. <br/><br/>Adding "only" shows the emphasis how much more 4kg is compared with 1.2kg.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since we often use it, the price is less than half of the world average.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In city in Japan, pocket Kleenex on which company advertisements printed are often handed out for free on the street.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In cities in Japan, pocket tissue on which company advertisements are printed, are often handed out for free on the street.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">We use a Kleenex when blow our nose, and we almost always discard it quickly after the blow.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
We use a tissue when we blow our nose, and we almost always discard it quickly after.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, I think we would be surprised when we saw that the Kleenex was reused in oversea.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, I think some Japanese people would be surprised if they saw that tissue was reused overseas.
<p class="correction_comment">WHAT?! Which country reuses tissue???!!</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, we call Kleenex 'tissue(ティッシュ),' instead of 'Kleenex.'</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
By the way, we call Kleenex 'tissue(ティッシュ),' instead of 'Kleenex.'
<p class="correction_comment">You can see my first comment above.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Wow, I didn't realize Japan used so much! But now that I think about it, I didn't use much tissue when I lived in the States but I find it so inconvenient if I don't have tissue at home!!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for your helpful corrections! :D<br/>&gt; Which country reuses tissue???!!<br/>In Europe, tissues are thick, hard, and expensive(just like a paper towel), so after they blew their nose using the tissue, they seem to put it in their pocket and reuse it several times. Also, they often use a handkerchief when they blow their nose. In China and some Asian/African/European countries, it seems to be common to blow their nose using their hand.<br/>&gt; I find it so inconvenient if I don't have tissue at home!!<br/>Yes! I think tissue is absolutely imperative for us.
</div>
</div>
