---
date: 2015-08-14
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# An Impressive Pun
<div class="date">Aug 14, 2015 12:03</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I found an impressive Japanese pun on the internet.<br/><br/>It is "よくできた内容ですが、欲で汚いようです。（yoku dekita naiyo desuga, yokude kitanai yodesu）," which means something like "it is a great content, but it's also greedy."<br/><br/>I think this pun is not so much funny as impressive.<br/><br/>Even though the same string is just repeated twice, not only it makes sense, but it's really natural Japanese sentence.<br/><br/>Even if someone say this pun, I might not notice that it's a pun.<br/><br/>Therefore, when you say this pun, you probably need to explain about it.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->


## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Bull</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think this pun is not so much funny as impressive.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I think this pun is not so much funny as <span class="f_blue">it is</span> impressive.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Even though the same string is just repeated twice, not only it makes sense, but it's really natural Japanese sentence.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Even though the same <span class="f_blue">pronounciation</span> is just repeated twice, not only <span class="f_blue">does</span> it makes sense, but it's <span class="f_blue">a</span> really natural Japanese sentence.
<p class="correction_comment">I think pronounciation may be better here than "string" You can also write "Even though the same string of pronounciation" if you like I think.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Even if someone say this pun, I might not notice that it's a pun.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Even if someone <span class="f_blue">were to</span> say this pun, I might not notice that it's a pun.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, when you say this pun, you probably need to explain about it.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, when you say this pun, you probably need to explain <span class="f_blue">that it is a pun</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">explain about it seems vague. (explain meaning or pun?) I think you wanted to write "explain that it is a pun"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Haha. All I know is フリーは不利
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting me! :D<br/>Haha, I've never heard the pun. It's really interesting.<br/>By the way, I think the most popular Japanese pun is "電話に出んわ" or "ふとんがふっとんだ."
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">karupin</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 Puns are always impressive! Even the really bad ones, haha!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Yes! I like every pun. I'm also impressed by palindromes like "A Santa lived as a devil at NASA."
</div>
</div>
