---
date: 2015-08-20
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# An Obsession with Time in Japanese Trains
<div class="date">Aug 20, 2015 15:25</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
It is said that Japanese trains are exactly on time.<br/><br/>It depends on the region, but is generally correct.<br/><br/>Almost all Japanese trains don't get delayed more than 15 seconds.<br/><br/>If the train got delayed for 15 seconds, the railway company would report it as a delay.<br/><br/>If the train got delayed for 1 minute, the railway company and the motorman would express regret over the delay.<br/><br/>If the train got delayed for 2 minute, people might make a complaint.<br/><br/>Since trains run every 2-3 minute in Yamanote Line in Tokyo, it's very important to be exactly on time.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
日本の電車は時間に正確だと言われています。<br/><br/>地域にもよりますが、それは概ね正しくて、ほとんどの電車は15秒以上遅れません。<br/><br/>鉄道会社は、15秒遅れたら、「遅れ」として記録します。<br/><br/>1分遅れると、鉄道会社や運転手が謝罪します。<br/><br/>2分遅れると、クレームを入れる人もいます。<br/><br/>東京の山手線では2～3分間隔で電車が来るので、正確に運行することはとても重要です。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Bull</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is said that Japanese trains are exactly on time.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is said that Japanese trains are <span class="f_blue">always</span> on time.
<p class="correction_comment">Exactly seems weird in this sense.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It depends on the region, but is generally correct.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It depends on the region, but<span class="f_blue"> it</span> is generally correct.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Almost all Japanese trains don't get delayed more than 15 seconds.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Almost all Japanese trains don't get delayed <span class="f_blue">for</span> more than 15 seconds.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If the train got delayed for 15 seconds, the railway company would report it as a delay.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If the train got delayed for 1 minute, the railway company and the motorman would express regret over the delay.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If the train got delayed for 2 minute, people might make a complaint.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
If the train got delayed for 2 minute<span class="f_blue">s</span>, people might make a complaint.
<p class="correction_comment">Ah, you probably forgot "s" in minutes. English has plural form not like Japanese! Little confusing sometimes right?</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since trains run every 2-3 minute in Yamanote Line in Tokyo, it's very important to be exactly on time.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since trains run every 2-3 minute<span class="f_blue">s</span> in Yamanote Line in Tokyo, it's very important to be exactly on time.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Very nice! Really trivial (small, not really super important) errors!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
If the train got delayed for 2 minute<span class="f_blue">s</span>, people might make a complaint.
<p class="correction_comment">
Ah, you probably forgot "s" in minutes. English has plural form not like Japanese! Little confusing sometimes right?
</p>
</li>
</ul></div>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>I'm glad about your words. :)<br/><br/>&gt; Little confusing sometimes right?<br/>Yes, singular/plural forms sometimes confuse me. This time, I copied the above sentence "If the train got delayed for 1 minute," and changed the number from '1' to '2,' but forgot to change the form. :'(
</div>
</div>
