---
date: 2015-08-21
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# The Meaning of SOS
<div class="date">Aug 21, 2015 12:17</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
SOS is the distress signal, and the message for help, which is used all over the world.<br/><br/>In the Morse code, SOS is composed of three short, three long, and three short signals, that are very easy to input and remember.<br/><br/>At the beginning of the introduction of the Morse code, CQD (call to quarters, distress) was used as the distress signal.<br/><br/>However, in 1906, the new signal SOE, which was proposed by Germany, had been adopted as the universal distress signal due to the intelligibility.<br/><br/>Furthermore, <em>E</em> is one short signal, and it was tended to fail to hear, so SOE became SOS.<br/><br/>It is sometimes referred to as the  abbreviation of "save our souls" or "save our ship," however, actually these letters have no meaning.<br/><br/>The etymology is just because it's easy to input and recognize SOS.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
SOSは、世界中で用いられている遭難信号、および助けを求めるメッセージです。<br/><br/>モールス信号では3短点、3長点、3短点で構成され、覚えやすく打ちやすい信号です。<br/><br/>無線信号が実用化された頃は、遭難信号としてCQD（call to quarters, distress）が使われていました。<br/><br/>しかし1906年、世界共通の遭難信号として、聞き取りやすさからドイツが提案したSOEが採択されることになりました。<br/><br/>さらに、Eは1短点で聞き逃す恐れがあることから、SOSに変化したそうです。<br/><br/>SOSは「save our souls, save our ship」の略と言われることもありますが、実際にはモールス信号で打ちやすく聞き取りやすいというだけで、文字に意味はありません。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">amerine905</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The Meaning of SOS</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">SOS is the distress signal, and the message for help, which is used all over the world.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
SOS is <span class="f_gray">a</span> distress signal and <span class="f_gray">a</span> message for help which is used all over the world.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In the Morse code, SOS is composed of three short, three long, and three short signals, that are very easy to input and remember.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">At the beginning of the introduction of the Morse code, CQD (call to quarters, distress) was used as the distress signal.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, in 1906, the new signal SOE, which was proposed by Germany, had been adopted as the universal distress signal due to the intelligibility.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Furthermore, 'E' is one short signal, and it was tended to fail to hear, so SOE became SOS.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Furthermore, 'E' is one short signal, and it <span class="sline">was</span> tended to <span class="f_blue">not be heard</span>, so SOE <span class="f_gray">was replaced by </span>SOS.
<p class="correction_comment">Or "Furthermore, 'E' is one short signal, so it was often not heard, so SOE was replaced by SOS."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is sometimes referred to as the  abbreviation of "save our souls" or "save our ship," however, actually these letters have no meaning.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is sometimes referred to as the abbreviation of "save our souls" or "save our ship," however, <span class="sline">actually</span> these letters <span class="f_blue">actually </span>have no meaning.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The etymology is just because it's easy to input and recognize SOS.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The etymology is <span class="f_blue">like this </span>just because it's easy to input and recognize SOS.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Your English is very good for you to be able to compose an entry like this. I mostly just gave you suggestions, and it already sounds very natural. Good job! Keep it up! :)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :D<br/>I'm happy about your words. I will keep trying my best. :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">amerine905</span><br>
You're welcome! :)
</div>
</div>
