---
date: 2015-08-27
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0252_stroke-order-of-the-letter-h
---

# 【No. 0252】Stroke Order of the Letter 'H'
<div class="date">Aug 27, 2015 10:32</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Stroke order of alphabets are not decided exactly.<br/><br/>However, there are common stroke order that are widely taught.<br/><br/>And, I heard that only 20% of Japanese people can write the letter <em>H</em> at the correct stroke order.<br/><br/>The correct stroke order of <em>H</em> is : write the left vertical bar, the right vertical bar, and the central horizontal bar.<br/><br/>Most Japanese seem to write <em>H</em> at the following stroke order : the left vertical bar, the central horizontal bar, and the right vertical bar.<br/><br/>I was wrong too.<br/><br/>By the way, the correct stroke order of the letter <em>M</em> is writing firstly left and right vertical bars, but I think most Japanese are wrong as well.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
'H' の書き順<br/><br/>アルファベットは、厳密に正しい書き順は決まっていません。<br/><br/>しかし、広く教えられている、お手本となる書き順は存在しています。<br/><br/>そして、その書き順で正しく 'H' を書ける日本人は2割程度だそうです。<br/><br/>'H' は、左の縦棒、右の縦棒を書いてから、最後に横棒を書くのが正しい順番です。<br/><br/>ほとんどの日本人は、左の縦棒、中央の横棒、そして最後に右の縦棒を書くようです。<br/><br/>私も間違えていました。<br/><br/>ちなみに、'M' についても同様に、両側の縦棒を始めに書くそうですが、多くの日本人は間違えていると思います。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">sheodox</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Stroke Order of the Letter 'H'</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Stroke order of alphabets are not decided exactly.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">The s</span>troke order<span class="f_blue">s</span> of alphabets are not <span class="f_blue">standardized</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, there are common stroke order that are widely taught.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, there are common stroke order<span class="f_blue">s</span> that are widely taught.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">And, I heard that only 20% of Japanese people can write the letter 'H' at the correct stroke order.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
And, I<span class="f_blue">'ve</span> heard that only 20% of Japanese people can write the letter 'H' <span class="f_blue">using</span> the correct stroke order.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The correct stroke order of 'H' is : write the left vertical bar, the right vertical bar, and the central horizontal bar.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The correct stroke order of 'H' is: write the left vertical bar, the right vertical bar, <span class="f_blue">then</span> the central horizontal bar.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Most Japanese seem to write 'H' at the following stroke order : the left vertical bar, the central horizontal bar, and the right vertical bar.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Most Japanese seem to write 'H' <span class="f_blue">using</span> the following stroke order: the left vertical bar, the central horizontal bar, <span class="f_blue">then</span> the right vertical bar.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I was wrong too.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, the correct stroke order of the letter 'M' is writing firstly left and right vertical bars, but I think most Japanese are wrong as well.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
By the way, the correct stroke order of the letter 'M' is <span class="f_blue">to first draw the </span>left and right vertical bars, but I think most Japanese are wrong as well.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I've always written M this way: draw the left vertical bar (from the top to the bottom), then back up along the same line, then the 'V' shape in the middle, then the right vertical bar, all in one stroke.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)<br/>I think the stroke order of 'M' is efficient, like cursive writing.
</div>
</div>
