---
date: 2015-08-31
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0256_color-effect
---

# 【No. 0256】Color Effect
<div class="date">Aug 31, 2015 11:25</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Colors have powers that affect our time sense.<br/><br/>Warm colors, such as red, orange, yellow, is called "excitement color."<br/><br/>When you are in a room that composed of many warm colors, your heart rate and blood pressure will rise.<br/><br/>Also, the warm colors make us feel that the time seems long, so fast food outlets often use warm colors to increase turnover of customers.<br/><br/>Cold colors, such as blue, is called "sedative color," and they will suppress our excitement/appetite, and lower our heart rate/respiratory rate/blood pressure.<br/><br/>Companies often use the cold colors to increase work efficiencies.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
色の効果<br/><br/>色には、人の時間感覚に影響を及ぼす力があります。<br/><br/>赤、オレンジ、黄色など暖色系の色は「興奮色」とも呼ばれ、暖色が多い部屋にいると心拍数があがり、血圧も高くなります。<br/><br/>また、暖色は時間を長く感じさせる色であり、お客の回転率を高めるためよくファストフード店で使われます。<br/><br/>青などの寒色系の色は「鎮静色」とも呼ばれ、興奮を沈めたり、心拍・呼吸・血圧を下げたり、食欲を抑制させたりします。<br/><br/>企業では仕事の能率を上げるために、よく寒色系の色が使われます。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">MrDiaz</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Colors have powers that affect our time sense.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Colors have powers that affect our time sense.
<p class="correction_comment">Suggestion: Colors have powers that affect our sense of time.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Warm colors, such as red, orange, yellow, is called "excitement color."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Warm colors, such as red, orange, yellow,<span class="f_blue"> are</span> called "excitement color<span class="f_blue">s</span>."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When you are in a room that composed of many warm colors, your heart rate and blood pressure will rise.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
When you are in a room that <span class="f_blue">is </span>composed of many warm colors, your heart rate and blood pressure will rise.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, the warm colors make us feel that the time seems long, so fast food outlets often use warm colors to increase turnover of customers.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also,<span class="sline"> the</span> warm colors make us feel that <span class="sline">the</span> time seems long, so fast food outlets often use warm colors to increase turnover of customers.
<p class="correction_comment">Suggestion: Warm colors make us feel like time passes by faster, therefore fast food outlets often use warm colors to increase customer turnover.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Cold colors, such as blue, is called "sedative color," and they will suppress our excitement/appetite, and lower our heart rate/respiratory rate/blood pressure.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Cold colors, such as blue, <span class="f_blue">are</span> called "sedative color<span class="f_blue">s</span>," and they will suppress our excitement/appetite, and lower our heart rate/respiratory rate/blood pressure.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Companies often use the cold colors to increase work efficiencies.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Companies often use <span class="sline">the</span> cold colors to increase work efficiencies.
<p class="correction_comment">Suggestion: Companies often use cold colors to increase worker productivity.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :D
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">MrDiaz</span><br>
you are welcome!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">thethinker83</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Warm colors, such as red, orange, yellow, is called "excitement color."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Warm colors, such as red, orange, <span class="f_blue">and </span>yellow, <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">is</span></span> <span class="f_blue">are </span>called "excitement color<span class="f_blue">s</span>."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Cold colors, such as blue, is called "sedative color," and they will suppress our excitement/appetite, and lower our heart rate/respiratory rate/blood pressure.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Cold colors, such as blue, <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">is</span></span> <span class="f_blue">are </span>called "<span class="sline"><span class="f_red">sedative</span></span> <span class="f_blue">calm </span>color<span class="f_blue">s</span>," and they will suppress our excitement/appetite, and lower our heart rate/respiratory rate/blood pressure.
<p class="correction_comment">I think "sedative" is a rather strong word for describing colors like this.  However, if "sedative colors" is a commonly used term, then please disregard my correction.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Here's something else that's interesting about colors.  Supposedly, orange is a good color to use in rooms to encourage collaboration.  We have a "collaboration space" where I work; the walls are painted orange there.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :D<br/>It's interesting! I want to have such an orange room for collaboration in our university.
</div>
</div>
