---
date: 2015-09-01
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: 0257_birtyday-and-disaster-prevention-day
---

# 【No. 0257】Birtyday and Disaster Prevention Day
<div class="date">Sep 1, 2015 10:30</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today is my birthday, but I think it will be an ordinary day.<br/><br/>I will study English, do my work, and sometimes enjoy programming as usual.<br/><br/>By the way, today is National Disaster Prevention Day in Japan.<br/><br/>In September 1, a disaster prevention training is held in many regions in Japan.<br/><br/>This national day is derived from that the Great Kanto earthquake struck in September 1, 1923.<br/><br/>Also, various national movements, such as a spread of disaster prevention are held.<br/><br/>I remember that I observed a silent prayer for disaster victims when I was in elementary school.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
今日は私の誕生日ですが、普通の一日になると思います。<br/><br/>いつもどおり、英語の勉強をして、研究をして、少しプログラミングで遊びます。<br/><br/>ところで、今日は防災の日です。<br/><br/>1923年9月1日に発生した関東大震災にちなみ、9月1日は多くの地域で防災訓練が行われます。<br/><br/>また、防災思想の普及など、様々な国民運動が行われます。<br/><br/>私が小学校の頃、震災で亡くなった方に黙祷を捧げたのを覚えています。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">despotically</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I will study English, do my work, and sometimes enjoy programming as usual.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I will study English, do my (research) work, and enjoy programming for a bit as usual.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This national day is derived from that the Great Kanto earthquake struck in September 1, 1923.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This national day has its origins in the Great Kanto earthquake, which struck in September 1, 1923.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, various national movements, such as a spread of disaster prevention are held.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, various national movements, such as the dissemination of disaster prevention ideas, are held.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I remember that I observed a silent prayer for disaster victims when I was in elementary school.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I recalled the time when I had a silent prayer for the disaster victims when I was in elementary school.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 どんな祈りをされましたか？
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">despotically</span><br>
そして、誰に祈られましたか？
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :D<br/>私たちは、震災で亡くなった方々に、「安らかにお眠りください」などの祈りを捧げます（黙祷）。
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Mike and Kashia</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Birtyday and Disaster Prevention Day</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Birthday </span>and Disaster Prevention Day
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today is my birthday, but I think it will be an ordinary day.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, today is National Disaster Prevention Day in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In September 1, a disaster prevention training is held in many regions in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red">On</span> September 1, <span class="sline">a</span> disaster prevention training is held in many regions in Japan.
<p class="correction_comment">Dates are "on the calendar" <br/>"on my birthday" "on Saturday" "On the anniversary of the Tohoku earthquake"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This national day is derived from that the Great Kanto earthquake struck in September 1, 1923.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This national day is derived from the Great Kanto earthquake <span class="f_blue">that</span> struck <span class="f_red">on</span> September 1, 1923.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, various national movements, such as a spread of disaster prevention are held.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also various <span class="f_blue">events are held across the country</span>, such as disaster prevention events, <span class="f_blue">to increase awareness</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">So you said "防災思想の普及" which I translated as "increase awareness of disaster prevention"<br/>so I adjusted your sentence to reflect what I think you are saying.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I remember that I observed a silent prayer for disaster victims when I was in elementary school.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I had never heard of this day until today. At my school we observe a silent prayer on March 11th at the same time the Tohoku quake hit Japan.
 <br/>
 I really respect the Japanese silent prayer because it isn't really a prayer to a god but a moment to remember the people that were lost and honor them.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! I'm glad about your words. :)<br/>Yes, we are trying not to forget the disaster victims and the disaster. Thank you for the prayer for the victims of Tohoku quake. Many of us fall silent in honor of them on March 11th as well. In that time, all Japanese TV show also pause in silence for a minute.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Mike and Kashia</span><br>
Wow I have never been at home during that time so I never knew that. We shall both protect their memories in our hearts.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today is my birthday, but I think it will be an ordinary day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today is my birthday, but I think it will be an ordinary day. (or: ... <span class="f_blue">I think it will be just another day </span>(<span class="f_blue">at work</span> (or: <span class="f_blue">at the office</span>)
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I will study English, do my work, and sometimes enjoy programming as usual.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I will study English, do my (<span class="f_blue">daily</span>)<span class="f_blue"> </span>work, and enjoy <span class="f_blue">some coding in my spare time</span>, as usual.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 HBTY ^_^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/>And thank you for the message! :D
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome! ^_^
</div>
</div>
