---
date: 2015-09-04
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: 0260_cold-and-coke
---

# 【No. 0260】Cold and Coke
<div class="date">Sep 4, 2015 10:35</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
I have had a sore throat since yesterday, so I could have caught a cold.<br/><br/>At time like this, I found the information that a Coke is good for a cold.<br/><br/>According to the Internet, this information is common in the West (especially France), but I think most Japanese people don't know this.<br/><br/>Originally, the Coke had been released as a cold medicine.<br/><br/>Medical evidence has not been proven, but it seems to have effects, such as relaxation of headache and throat inflammation, and improvement of indigestion.<br/><br/>Today, I will buy and drink a Coke.<br/><br/>By the way, in Canada, a cold sufferer seems to drink Ginger Ale.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
風邪とコーラ<br/><br/>昨日から喉が少し痛いので、風邪をひいてしまったかもしれません。<br/><br/>そんなとき、風邪にコーラが効くという情報を見つけました。<br/><br/>ネットによると、欧米（特にフランス）では常識とのことですが、日本人は知らない人が多いと思います。<br/><br/>そもそもコーラは、風邪薬として発売されていたそうです。<br/><br/>医学的根拠は立証されていませんが、頭痛・のどの炎症の緩和、消化不良の改善などの効果があるそうです。<br/><br/>今日はコーラを買って飲もうと思います。<br/><br/>ちなみに、カナダでは風邪をひいたときジンジャーエールを飲むそうです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Bull</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">At time like this, I found the information that a Coke is good for a cold.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
At time like this, I found information that Coke is good for a cold.
<p class="correction_comment">or "I found out that coke is good for a cold" I think "I found out" is informal/casual.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Medical evidence has not been proven, but it seems to have effects, such as relaxation of headache and throat inflammation, and improvement of indigestion.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Medical evidence has not been proven, but it seems to have effects, such as<span class="f_blue"> reliev</span><span class="f_blue">ing</span> headaches, throat inflammation, and<span class="f_blue"> helps</span> indigestion.
<p class="correction_comment">I never heard of "improvement of indigestion" so I changed to "help" which I hear more.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :D
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">デクラン</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I have had a sore throat since yesterday, so I could have caught a cold.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I have had a sore throat since yesterday, so I <span class="f_blue">might've</span> caught a cold.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">At time like this, I found the information that a Coke is good for a cold.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
At time<span class="f_red">s</span> like this, I found <span class="f_red">out that</span> Coke is good for a cold.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to the Internet, this information is common in the West (especially France), but I think most Japanese people don't know this.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Originally, the Coke had been released as a cold medicine.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Originally, <span class="sline">the </span>Coke had been released as a cold medicine.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Medical evidence has not been proven, but it seems to have effects, such as relaxation of headache and throat inflammation, and improvement of indigestion.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Medical evidence has not <span class="f_red">proved it yet</span>, but it seems to have effects, such as <span class="f_red">the </span>relaxation of headache<span class="f_red">s</span> and throat inflammation, and <span class="f_red">the </span>improvement of indigestion.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will buy and drink a Coke.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, in Canada, a cold sufferer seems to drink Ginger Ale.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I didn't know this! Next time I get a cold, maybe I'll have to try drinking some Coke.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post! :D<br/>I heard hot Coke is more effective for a cold. It doesn't sound like delicious, though.
</div>
</div>
