---
date: 2015-09-08
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Preparing for Business Trip</h1>
<div class="date">Sep 8, 2015 12:41</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
In order to participate in an academic conference, I'm going to go to Kyoto tomorrow.<br/><br/>My schedule for tomorrow is movement only, and the conference will be held day after tomorrow.<br/><br/>Today, I will compile my research data, and prepare for the departure.<br/><br/>I will put various things, such as suits, ties, extra clothes, and a laptop, into my travel bag.<br/><br/>Since it's something like an excursion, I'm excited.<br/><br/>However, I have to crawl out of my bed at around 4:30 a.m. tomorrow, so I'm a little anxious.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
出張の準備<br/><br/>学会に参加するため、明日京都に移動します。<br/><br/>明日は移動だけで、学会は明後日から始まります。<br/><br/>今日は研究データを少しまとめてから、出発の準備をします。<br/><br/>スーツや着替え、パソコンなどをバッグに詰めていきます。<br/><br/>なんだか遠足のような感じで、わくわくします。<br/><br/>明日は朝4時半頃に起きないといけないので、少し不安でもあります。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">mothafucka</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In order to participate in an academic conference, I'm going to go to Kyoto tomorrow.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In order to participate in an academic conference, I'm going to Kyoto tomorrow.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">My schedule for tomorrow is movement only, and the conference will be held day after tomorrow.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Tomorrow I'm only going to Kyoto, the conference will be held day after tomorrow.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will compile my research data, and prepare for the departure.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I will put various things, such as suits, ties, extra clothes, and a laptop, into my travel bag.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since it's something like an excursion, I'm excited.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, I have to crawl out of my bed at 4:30 tomorrow, so I'm a little anxious.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :D
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">mothafucka</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">My schedule for tomorrow is movement only, and the conference will be held day after tomorrow.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
My schedule for tomorrow is movement only, and the conference will be held the day after tomorrow.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for the correction!
</div>
</div>
