---
date: 2015-09-22
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Differences between Butterflies and Moths</h1>
<div class="date">Sep 22, 2015 12:57</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Many people have a good image of butterflies, and have a bad image of moths.<br/><br/>This might be because butterflies tend to fly during daytime, while moths tend to fly during night.<br/><br/>However, both butterflies and moths belong to Lepidoptera, and there is no biological difference between the two.<br/><br/>It is really difficult to classify butterflies and moths from their characteristics of look and organs.<br/><br/>Therefore, in Germany, France, Indonesia, and many other countries, people don't distinguish butterflies and moths, and both are represented by one word.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
蝶と蛾の違い<br/><br/>多くの人が、蝶は美しく、蛾は汚いというイメージを持っています。<br/><br/>これは、蝶は昼に飛ぶのに対し、蛾は夜に飛ぶことが多いからかもしれません。<br/><br/>しかし、蝶と蛾はいずれも鱗翅目で、両者の間に生物学的な違いはありません。<br/><br/>見た目や器官の特徴から、蛾と蝶を分類するのは非常に困難です。<br/><br/>そのため、ドイツやフランス、インドネシアなど多くの国では、蛾と蝶を区別せずに一つの単語で表しています。
</div></div>

## Corrections (4)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Many people have a good image of butterflies, and have a bad image of moths.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Many people have a good image of butterflies, and <span class="sline">have</span> a bad image of moths.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This might be because butterflies tend to fly during daytime, while moths tend to fly during night.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This might be because butterflies tend to fly during daytime, while moths tend to fly at night/during nighttime.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is really difficult to classify butterflies and moths from their characteristics of look and organs.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is really difficult to classify butterflies and moths from their characteristics of <span class="f_blue">appearance</span> and organs.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post! :D
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">despotically</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, both butterflies and moths belong to Lepidoptera, and there is no biological difference between the two.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, both butterflies and moths belong to the order Lepidoptera, and there is no biological difference between the two.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 面白い文章えした！
</p>

</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">despotically</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, both butterflies and moths belong to Lepidoptera, and there is no biological difference between the two.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, both butterflies and moths belong to the order Lepidoptera, and there is no biological difference between the two.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 面白い文章でした！
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>I'm glad to hear you say that. :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 4　<span class="just_name">lilsushi</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Differences between Butterflies and Moths</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Many people have a good image of butterflies, and have a bad image of moths.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Many people have a good image of butterflies<span class="sline">,</span> and <span class="sline">have</span> a bad image of moths.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This might be because butterflies tend to fly during daytime, while moths tend to fly during night.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This might be because butterflies tend to fly during <span class="f_red">the</span> daytime, while moths tend to fly during <span class="f_red">the</span> night.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, both butterflies and moths belong to Lepidoptera, and there is no biological difference between the two.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, both butterflies and moths belong to <span class="f_red">the order,</span> Lepidoptera, and there is no biological difference between the two.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is really difficult to classify butterflies and moths from their characteristics of look and organs.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is really difficult to classify butterflies and moths <span class="sline">from their characteristics of</span> <span class="f_red">based on their appearances</span> <span class="sline">look</span> and organs.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, in Germany, France, Indonesia, and many other countries, people don't distinguish butterflies and moths, and both are represented by one word.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, in Germany, France, Indonesia, and many other countries, people don't distinguish <span class="f_red">between</span> butterflies and moths.<span class="sline">, and</span> <span class="f_red">B</span>oth are represented by one word.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting post! I learned something new today :)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :D<br/>I'm happy to hear that!
</div>
</div>
