---
date: 2015-10-04
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0290_sleepiness-after-a-meal
---

# 【No. 0290】Sleepiness after a Meal
<div class="date">Oct 4, 2015 14:27</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Have you ever felt sleepy after your meal?<br/><br/>It is considered that this symptom is caused by a brain hormone "orexin."<br/><br/>Humans secrete orexin when hungry, then they get the urge to eat something, and the wakefulness is promoted.<br/><br/>However, when the belly is full, the secretion amount of orexin will decrease, and it will make us feel sleepy.<br/><br/>Therefore, you can keep wakefulness by skipping your meals, but don't do that because it brings more harm than good.<br/><br/>In order to increase the amount of orexin, and keep wakefulness, you should taste and enjoy your meals slowly over time.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
食後の眠気<br/><br/>食後に眠気を感じたことはありませんか？<br/><br/>これは、脳内ホルモンの「オレキシン」が原因だと考えられています。<br/><br/>人間は空腹になるとオレキシンが分泌され、何か食べたいと感じるようになり、同時に眠気を覚まします。<br/><br/>しかし満腹になるとオレキシンの分泌が減り、眠くなります。<br/><br/>そのため食事を抜けば眠くなりませんが、デメリットが大きいので抜いてはいけません。<br/><br/>ゆっくりと食事を味わい、楽しむことで、オレキシンの分泌が増え、眠くもならないようです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (4)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 Good job ^^b
 <br/>
 I have a Q though ^^;
 <br/>
 What's the difference b/n 食後に眠気を感じたことはありませんか？and 食後に眠気を感じたことはありますか？
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the comment! :)<br/>These are almost same, and I think many Japanese don't care about the difference, but there is a principle.<br/><br/>(In most cases,)<br/>If you say "～はありませんか？," this will imply that you expect positive answer.<br/>If you say "～はありますか？," this will imply that you expect negative answer.<br/><br/>I said "食後に眠気を感じたことはありませんか？," so this means that I expected to get positive answer, such as "経験したことがあります。"
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span><br>
I didn't know about this principle. Thanks a lot!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, you can keep wakefulness by skipping your meals, but don't do that because it brings more harm than good.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, you can <span class="f_blue">avoid sleepiness</span> by skipping your meals, but don't do that because it brings more harm than good.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post! :D
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You are welcome!^_^
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">デクラン</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Sleepiness after a Meal</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Have you ever felt sleepy after your meal?</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is considered that this symptom is caused by a brain hormone "orexin."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is <span class="f_blue">thought</span> that this symptom is caused by <span class="f_blue">the</span> brain hormone "orexin."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Humans secrete orexin when hungry, then they get the urge to eat something, and the wakefulness is promoted.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Humans secrete orexin when hungry, then they get the urge to eat something, and <span class="sline">the</span> wakefulness is promoted.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, when the belly is full, the secretion amount of orexin will decrease, and it will make us feel sleepy.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, when the belly is full, the <span class="f_blue">amount of orexin secreted</span> will decrease, and it will make us feel sleepy.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, you can keep wakefulness by skipping your meals, but don't do that because it brings more harm than good.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, you can <span class="f_blue">stay awake</span> by skipping your meals, but don't do that because it brings more harm than good.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In order to increase the amount of orexin, and keep wakefulness, you should taste and enjoy your meals slowly over time.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In order to increase <span class="f_blue">your</span> amount of orexin, and <span class="f_blue">avoid sleepiness</span>, you should taste and enjoy your meals slowly over time.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I'll have to remember this when I'm doing my exams, so I can stay up late without getting tired, haha
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
It is <span class="f_blue">thought</span> that this symptom is caused by <span class="f_blue">the</span> brain hormone "orexin."
</li>
</ul></div>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :)<br/>Haha, please be mindful of your health.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 4　<span class="just_name">karupin</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Sleepiness after a Meal</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Have you ever felt sleepy after your meal?</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In order to increase the amount of orexin, and keep wakefulness, you should taste and enjoy your meals slowly over time.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In order to increase your amount of orexin, and stay awake, you should <span class="f_red">slow down and savour</span> your meals <span class="sline">slowly over time</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 That explains a lot. haha
 <br/>
 It can be quite difficult when you're hungry though - the hands do not cooperate and just shove food into your mouth at high speed.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :)<br/>It is said that eating with someone is good, because the conversation will prevent us from eating quickly.
</div>
</div>
