---
date: 2015-10-16
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Static Electricity</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Oct 16, 2015 13:18</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
During winter, I often crackle with static electricity when I touch a doorknob.<br/><br/>Since the static electricity shocks me and is painful, I hate it.<br/><br/>In such cases, I heard it will be better to touch the doorknob while rubbing the back of the hand.<br/><br/>The signal that your hand is touched interfere in other signals, so you seem not to feel pain signals caused by static electricity.<br/><br/>It is also effective that you touch non-metal things such as a wooden wall before you touch metals such as a doorknob.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
静電気<br/><br/>冬になると私は、ドアノブを触るときによく静電気が発生します。<br/><br/>びっくりするし、痛いので、静電気は嫌いです。<br/><br/>そんなときは、手の甲をこすりながらドアノブに触ると良いそうです。<br/><br/>触れられているという信号が邪魔をするため、静電気による痛みを感じないそうです。<br/><br/>また、指先でドアノブに触れる前に、木の壁など金属でないものをべたべた触るのも効果的だそうです。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Elliott</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Static Electricity</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">During winter, I often crackle with static electricity when I touch a doorknob.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since the static electricity shocks me and is painful, I hate it.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In such cases, I heard it will be better to touch the doorknob while rubbing the back of the hand.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In such cases, I heard it <span class="f_red">is</span> better to touch the doorknob while rubbing the back of <span class="f_red">your</span> hand.
<p class="correction_comment">Interesting! I've never heard that trick before. I want to try it out lol</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The signal that your hand is touched interfere in other signals, so you seem not to feel pain signals caused by static electricity.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The signal that your hand is <span class="f_red">being </span>touched interfere<span class="f_red">s</span> <span class="f_red">with </span>other signals, so you seem not to feel pain signals caused by static electricity.
<p class="correction_comment">"...so you don't notice the pain caused by static electricity as much."<br/><br/>I think this sounds more natural and gets the point across more clearly.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is also effective that you touch non-metal things such as a wooden wall before you touch metals such as a doorknob.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is also effective <span class="f_red">if</span> you touch non-metal things such as a wooden wall before you touch metal <span class="f_red">surfaces </span>such as a doorknob.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting story!!
 <br/>
 I will try it out next time.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>I also will try it and check this effect. :D
</div>
</div>
