---
date: 2015-11-10
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
---

# Ring Alert
<div class="date">Nov 10, 2015 09:16</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
I had set alarm on my phone for early this morning.<br/><br/>And this morning, as soon as the alarm rang, I stopped the sound by pressing the power button.<br/><br/>However, after the sound stopped, I thought "hmm? Was the sound the ring alert?," and I got into a flurry.<br/><br/>Then, I immediately called someone back from the list of received calls, but the person at the other end of the line seemed to be confused..<br/><br/>I was still only half awake, and dreaming.<br/><br/>The ring alert and the alarm sound were just the same, and there was no calling.<br/><br/>I was a little embarrassed.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
電話の呼び出し音<br/><br/>今日はスマートフォンで朝早くにアラームをセットしていました。<br/><br/>そして今朝、アラームの音が鳴るとすぐに、電源ボタンを押して音を止めました。<br/><br/>しかし、音を止めた後で、「あれ？今のは電話の呼び出し音だったよな？」と思い、慌ててしまいました。<br/><br/>そして、着信履歴からすぐに折り返し電話をかけましたが、相手は困惑しているようでした。<br/><br/>寝ぼけていました。<br/><br/>アラームの音と着信音が同じだっただけで、着信はありませんでした。<br/><br/>少し恥ずかしかったです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">デクラン</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I had set alarm on my phone for early this morning.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I had set <span class="f_red">an </span>alarm on my phone for early this morning.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">And this morning, as soon as the alarm rang, I stopped the sound by pressing the power button.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, after the sound stopped, I thought "hmm?</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Was the sound the ring alert?," and I got into a flurry.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Then, I immediately called someone back from the list of received calls, but the person at the other end of the line seemed to be confused..</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Then, I immediately called <span class="f_blue">the most recent person on my </span>list of received calls, but the person at the other end of the line seemed to be confused..
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I was still only half awake, and dreaming.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The ring alert and the alarm sound were just the same, and there was no calling.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The ring alert and the alarm sound were just the same, and there <span class="f_blue">were</span> no <span class="f_blue">calls</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I was a little embarrassed.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 My mum has this same problem, whenever her alarm goes off she freaks out that someone is trying to call, haha.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :D<br/>Haha, I think we should use difference sounds depending on the situations.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Then, I immediately called someone back from the list of received calls, but the person at the other end of the line seemed to be confused..</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Then, I immediately called someone back from the list of received calls, but the person at the other end of the line seemed to be (<span class="f_blue">equally</span>) confused..
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I bet this was not how you wanted this day to start.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post! :)<br/>Yes, but since I felt like I was dreaming, I forgot the event quickly, haha.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^<br/><br/>&gt;Yes, but since I felt like I was dreaming, I forgot the event quickly, haha.<br/><br/>Good for you^^
</div>
</div>
