---
date: 2015-11-12
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# Belly Button Trivia
<div class="date">Nov 12, 2015 10:39</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I'd like to introduce a useless trivia.<br/><br/>Heights of humans' navels are different in men and women. <br/><br/>Man's navel is located at the top of his pelvis, while woman's navel is located at  higher than the top of her pelvis.<br/><br/>That is to say, you can distinguish between men and women from the heights of their navel.<br/><br/>However, I don't know whether such an opportunity comes or not.<br/><br/>By the way, in human skins, the navel is a only part that don't sweat.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
今日は、あまり役に立たない雑学を紹介します。<br/><br/>人間のへそは、男女で位置が異なります。<br/><br/>男性は骨盤の上端の位置、女性はそれよりも高い位置にあるそうです。<br/><br/>つまり、へそを見れば男女の区別をつけることができます。<br/><br/>しかし、この判別法を使う機会があるかどうかはわかりません。<br/><br/>ちなみに、へそは人間の皮膚の中で、唯一汗をかかない部分です。<br/>
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Aiumi</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I'd like to introduce a useless trivia.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I'd like to introduce some useless trivia.
<p class="correction_comment">You can also say "a piece of useless trivia".</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Heights of humans' navels are different in men and women.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The location of the human navel is different in men and women. 
<p class="correction_comment">When you say 'heights of humans' navels', it sounds like you're talking about the height of the navel itself, not where it is on the body.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Man's navel is located at the top of his pelvis, while woman's navel is located at  higher than the top of her pelvis.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
A woman's navel is located higher above the pelvis compared to a man's. 
<p class="correction_comment">This is an easy way to compare both men and women, you don't have to say it twice for both men and women.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">That is to say, you can distinguish between men and women from the heights of their navel.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
That is to say, you can distinguish between men and women from how high their navels are positioned. 
<p class="correction_comment">Again, 'heights of their navel' sounds like you're talking about how tall their navels are, not where they are.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, I don't know whether such an opportunity comes or not.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, I don't know how often such an opportunity will come.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, in human skins, the navel is a only part that don't sweat.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
By the way, the navel is the only part of the human body that doesn't sweat. 
<p class="correction_comment">Just say 'human body' instead of 'human skins'</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :D
</div>
</div>
