---
date: 2015-11-14
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: 0331_buying-a-dolce-gusto-manufactured-by-nescafe
---

# 【No. 0331】Buying a Dolce Gusto Manufactured by Nescafe
<div class="date">Nov 14, 2015 14:36</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, my associate and I bought a Dolce Gusto that readily makes coffee manufactured by Nescafe.<br/><br/>By setting a capsule and touching a button, we can brew a variety of drinks such as coffee, cafe au lait, or cappuccino.<br/><br/>After buying the Dolce Gusto, we immediately placed it in our laboratory, and I tried drinking coffee and cappuccino.<br/><br/>Although I don't have a thorough knowledge of coffee, I felt they were mild and delicious.<br/><br/>In the days ahead, I will be looking forward to drinking a cup of coffee after lunch.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
ネスカフェのドルチェグストを購入<br/><br/>今日、私は同僚と一緒に簡単にコーヒーを作ることができるネスカフェのドルチェグストを購入しました。<br/><br/>カプセルをセットしてボタンを押すだけで、コーヒーやカフェオレ、カプチーノなど、様々な飲み物を淹れることができます。<br/><br/>そして早速研究室に設置し、コーヒーとカプチーノを飲んでみました。<br/><br/>私はコーヒーの味には精通していませんが、マイルドで美味しく感じました。<br/><br/>これから食後の一杯が楽しみになりそうです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, my associate and I bought a Dolce Gusto that readily makes coffee manufactured by Nescafe.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, my associate and I bought a Nescafe Dolce Gusto coffee <span class="f_blue">machine</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although I don't have a thorough knowledge of coffee, I felt they were mild and delicious.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although I don't have a thorough knowledge of coffee (or: <span class="f_blue">I am not a coffee connoisseur</span><span class="f_bold">)</span>, I felt they were mild and delicious.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Nice! Can it make hot chocolate?
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post!<br/>&gt; Can it make hot chocolate?<br/>Yes, it can make hot chocolate called 'chococino.' :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!<br/><br/>&gt;Yes, it can make hot chocolate called 'chococino.' :)<br/><br/>Sounds yummy! ^_^
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">gyokuro</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Buying a Dolce Gusto Manufactured by Nescafe</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Buying a Dolce Gusto (Manufactured by Nescafe)
<p class="correction_comment">The manufacturer is not usually a part of the main title.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, my associate and I bought a Dolce Gusto that readily makes coffee manufactured by Nescafe.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, my associate and I bought a Dolce Gusto that readily makes coffee manufactured by Nescafe.
<p class="correction_comment">You already mentioned above the manufacturer.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By setting a capsule and touching a button, we can brew a variety of drinks such as coffee, cafe au lait, or cappuccino.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
By setting a capsule inside the machine and touching a button, we can brew a variety of drinks such as coffee, cafe au lait, or cappuccino<span class="f_blue">s</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">After buying the Dolce Gusto, we immediately placed it in our laboratory, and I tried drinking coffee and cappuccino.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
After buying the Dolce Gusto, we immediately placed it in our laboratory, and I tried <span class="f_blue">the coffee capsule and the cappuccino capsule.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">This way it doesn't sound like you drank coffee and cappuccino mixed together!</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although I don't have a thorough knowledge of coffee, I felt they were mild and delicious.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although I don't have a thorough knowledge of coffee, <span class="sline">I felt they were mild and delicious</span><span class="f_blue"><span class="sline"> </span>I thought the drinks had a mild flavor and were delicious.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In the days ahead, I will be looking forward to drinking a cup of coffee after lunch.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">From now on</span>, I will be looking forward to drinking a cup of coffee after lunch.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Good grammar as always!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>I'm glad to hear you say that. :)
</div>
</div>
