---
date: 2015-11-18
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Recursion</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Nov 18, 2015 11:10</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
When searching for something on Google, if the input contains typos or expressions that are not common, you will see the phrase "Did you mean: ○○."<br/><br/>However, only the word 'recursion' is different.<br/><br/>Although you enter the word correctly, "Did you mean: recursion" will be displayed.<br/><br/>Also, even if you click the link, the same phrase "Did you mean: recursion" will appear again.<br/><br/>"Recursion" is a word that means a reference to itself, and it is often used in programming.<br/><br/>That is, we are able to experience the recursion by searching for 'recursion' on Google.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
再帰<br/><br/>Google で検索をするとき、入力したものにスペルミスや一般的でない表現が含まれると「もしかして: ○○」と表示されることがあります。<br/><br/>しかし、「再帰」という単語だけは例外です。<br/><br/>正しく入力しても、「もしかして: 再帰」と表示されてしまいます。<br/><br/>そしてそのリンクを踏んでも、再び「もしかして: 再帰」と表示されます。<br/><br/>「再帰」は、自分自身への参照を意味する単語で、よくプログラミングに使用されます。<br/><br/>私たちは、Google で「再帰」を検索することによって、自分自身への参照、すなわち「再帰」を体験できるというわけです。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">gyokuro</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When searching for something on Google, if the input contains typos or expressions that are not common, you will see the phrase "Did you mean: ○○."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, only the word 'recursion' is different.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although you enter the word correctly, "Did you mean: recursion" will be displayed.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, even if you click the link, the same phrase "Did you mean: recursion" will appear again.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Recursion" is a word that means a reference to itself, and it is often used in programming.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">That is, we are able to experience the recursion by searching for 'recursion' on Google.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">In other words</span>, we are able to experience <span class="sline">the </span>recursion by searching for 'recursion' on Google.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Perfect grammar! This looks totally native. Also, I think you could talk about how this is connected to Google's sense of humor. Since it is an IT company, there are many jokes that involve programming.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 Try typing "do a barrel roll" in Google. This is also a nerdy joke :)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! <br/>I'm glad to hear you say that. :)<br/><br/>&gt; Try typing "do a barrel roll" in Google. This is also a nerdy joke :)<br/>Haha, it's interesting. Indeed, there are many jokes of Google on the Internet. I sometimes play games on the front page of Google. By the way, today I found the interesting searching word "Zerg Rush."
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When searching for something on Google, if the input contains typos or expressions that are not common, you will see the phrase "Did you mean: ○○."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
When searching for something on Google, if the input<span class="f_blue">ted words</span> contains typos or expressions that are not common, you will see the phrase "Did you mean: ○○."
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting! I've heard that if you type "zerg rush" google o's will attack the search box))
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post! :D<br/>Haha, I think "zerg rush" is one of very interesting jokes of Google.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^<br/><br/>&gt;Haha, I think "zerg rush" is one of very interesting jokes of Google.<br/><br/>That's for sure!^^
</div>
</div>
