---
date: 2015-11-23
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
---

# Preliminary Review of Doctoral Degrees
<div class="date">Nov 23, 2015 16:34</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, a preliminary review of my doctoral degrees was held.<br/><br/>I performed my presentation of my study for 30 minutes in English, then answered to questions for next 30 minutes.<br/><br/>It was quite tough.<br/><br/>In particular in the question-and-answer session, although I understood reviewer's questions, I couldn't answer smoothly.<br/><br/>The final examination will be held in January.<br/><br/>Now I'm thinking about attending to English conversation schools until the exam.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
博士論文予備審査<br/><br/>今日は、博士論文の予備審査会でした。<br/><br/>英語で30分プレゼンをして、その後30分の質疑応答が行われました。<br/><br/>かなり苦しかったです。<br/><br/>特に質疑応答は、質問が理解できてもそれに対する回答がなかなか出てこず、ぐだぐだしてしまいました。<br/><br/>本審査は1月に開催予定です。<br/><br/>それまでに英会話教室に通おうかと検討しています。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Anny</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Preliminary Review of Doctoral Degrees</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, a preliminary review of my doctoral degrees was held.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, a preliminary review of the doctoral degree was held.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I performed my presentation of my study for 30 minutes in English, then answered to questions for next 30 minutes.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I performed a presentation of my studies for 30 minutes in English, and then answered questions for next 30 minutes.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It was quite tough.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In particular in the question-and-answer session, although I understood reviewer's questions, I couldn't answer smoothly.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In particular, the question-and-answer session, although I could understand the audience's questions, I couldn't answer them smoothly.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The final examination will be held in January.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Now I'm thinking about attending to English conversation schools until the exam.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Now I'm thinking about attending an English conversation school until the exam.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :D
</div>
</div>
