---
date: 2015-11-25
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0342_trivia-about-the-one-yen-coin
---

# 【No. 0342】Trivia about the One Yen Coin
<div class="date">Nov 25, 2015 20:42</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I will introduce the 1 yen coin, which has the lowest value among current coins in Japan.<br/><br/>The 1 yen coin is made of pure aluminum, and has been issued since 1955.<br/><br/>The weight is 1 g, the thickness is 1 mm, and the value is 1 yen, though the cost to mint a 1 yen coin is around 2 yen.<br/><br/>Also, I think Japanese people prefer to adjust their change using 1 yen coins when shopping.<br/><br/>If the number of change coins increases because of the lack of a 1 yen coin, it's a little frustrating.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
1円玉の雑学<br/><br/>今日は、日本で流通している最も価値の低い硬貨である1円玉を紹介します。<br/><br/>現在の1円玉は純アルミニウムでできており、1955年から発行されています。<br/><br/>重さは1g、厚さは1mm、価格は1円ですが、製造コストはおよそ2円かかります。<br/><br/>また、日本人は1円玉を使ってお釣りを調整するのが好きだと思います。<br/><br/>1円足りずにお釣りの硬貨の枚数が多くなると、悔しいです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will introduce the 1 yen coin, which has the lowest value among current coins in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I will introduce the 1 yen coin, which has the lowest value among current coins in Japan. (or: <span class="f_blue">among</span> <span class="f_blue">coins which are currently in circulation in Japan</span>)
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post! :D
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Nameless</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 What can you pay with one Yen?
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
We can pay one yen for a 1 yen stamp, or a screw.<br/>However, we usually use one yen to reduce the number of change coins.<br/>For example, when a product price is 96 yen, we will pay a 100 yen coin and a 1 yen coin, because the charge will be paid by only a 5 yen coin. (If there was also a 5 yen coin in our wallet, we would pay 106 yen, and receive a 10 yen coin.)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">thethinker83</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 I remember reading a Japanese news article last year about the increased production of 1-yen coins due to the consumption tax rate increase to 8%.  I suppose there will be less need for them when the rate goes up to 10% in 2017 (if I remember the plan right).
 <br/>
 <br/>
 We have similar issues with pennies in the US, especially regarding the cost to manufacture vs. value.  Check out this video if you want to hear more:
 <br/>
 <object height="315" width="560">
  <param name="movie" value="https://www.youtube.com/v/_tyszHg96KI"/>
  <embed height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/v/_tyszHg96KI" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" width="560"/>
 </object>
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the comment! :)<br/>Yes, you're right.<br/>Last year the production of 1-yen coins increased with the increase of the consumption tax. However, somehow a demand for 1-yen coins decreased, while demands for 10-yen coins and 50-yen coins increased. It is said that one of the reason is because prices of many products increased in units of 10-yen. Also in 2017, when the consumption tax rate become 10%, there must be much more products that have prices of multiples of 10. So I think your forecast will be true.<br/><br/>And thank you for letting me such a interesting video. :)<br/>I played the video once, but it was not enough for me to understand it. To understand the issue, I will play the video repeatedly from now on!
</div>
</div>
