---
date: 2015-12-02
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Contact Lens</h1>
<div class="date">Dec 2, 2015 14:35</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
I wear contact lens on a daily basis.<br/><br/>They are soft and disposable ones, and it costs around 2000 yen per month.<br/><br/>However, the actual manufacturing cost of  contact lens seems to be 2 to 10 yen for each lens.<br/><br/>The reason why the selling price is increased is because a lot of things, such as R&amp;D expenses, medical services costs, store management costs, and advertising costs are needed.<br/><br/>If you buy contact lens from online stores without any prescription, the price will become less expensive because of cost reductions of medical services and store managements.<br/><br/>However, it's a little risky.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
コンタクトレンズ<br/><br/>私は日常的に、コンタクトレンズを使用しています。<br/><br/>ソフトタイプの使い捨てのもので、一ヶ月に2000円くらいかかります。<br/><br/>しかしこのコンタクトレンズ、製造原価は1枚2円～10円だそうです。<br/><br/>販売価格が大幅に上がるのは、研究開発費や医療サービス費、店舗管理費、広告費などがかかるためです。<br/><br/>処方箋なしでオンラインからコンタクトを購入すると、医療サービス日や店舗管理費が削られるので、大分安く購入できます。<br/><br/>ただし、少々危険です。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Harry Spaz</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Contact Lens</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Contact Lens<span class="f_blue">es</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I wear contact lens on a daily basis.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I wear contact lens<span class="f_blue">es</span> on a daily basis.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">They are soft and disposable ones, and it costs around 2000 yen per month.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
They are soft and disposable ones, and <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">it</span></span> cost<span class="sline"><span class="f_red">s</span></span> around 2000 yen per month.
<p class="correction_comment">You could say "they cost", but I think repeating "they" sounds less natural.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, the actual manufacturing cost of  contact lens seems to be 2 to 10 yen for each lens.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, the actual manufacturing cost of contact lens<span class="f_blue">es</span> seems to be 2 to 10 yen for each lens.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The reason why the selling price is increased is because a lot of things, such as R&amp;D expenses, medical services costs, store management costs, and advertising costs are needed.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The reason why the selling price is increased is because a lot of things, such as R&amp;D expenses, medical service<span class="sline"><span class="f_red">s</span></span> costs, store management costs, and advertising costs <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">are needed</span></span>.
<p class="correction_comment">Re: "medical service costs".  In most cases, when you use a noun as an adjective (this is called a "noun adjunct"), it must be singular.  for example, you would say "I love dogs.  I'm a dog lover", but not "I'm a dogs lover".<br/><br/>"Such as" is normally followed only by nouns, so "are needed" sounds unnatural.  You could say "such as the need for R&amp;D expenses, medical ..." if you really want to use "need", but I think it's unnecessary.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If you buy contact lens from online stores without any prescription, the price will become less expensive because of cost reductions of medical services and store managements.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
If you buy contact lens<span class="f_blue">es</span> from online stores without any prescription, the price will be<span class="sline"><span class="f_red">come</span></span> less expensive because of cost reductions of medical services and store management<span class="sline"><span class="f_red">s</span></span>.
<p class="correction_comment">"without a prescription" sounds more natural than "withour any prescription".  "any" sounds too emphatic in this case.<br/><br/>Rather than "cost reductions", I'd say "lower costs".<br/><br/>"Management" is uncountable (数えられない名詞), so it can't be used in the plural.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, it's a little risky.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
The reason why the selling price is increased is because a lot of things, such as R&amp;D expenses, medical service<span class="sline"><span class="f_red">s</span></span> costs, store management costs, and advertising costs <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">are needed</span></span>.
<p class="correction_comment">
Re: "medical service costs".  In most cases, when you use a noun as an adjective (this is called a "noun adjunct"), it must be singular.  for example, you would say "I love dogs.  I'm a dog lover", but not "I'm a dogs lover".<br/><br/>"Such as" is normally followed only by nouns, so "are needed" sounds unnatural.  You could say "such as the need for R&amp;D expenses, medical ..." if you really want to use "need", but I think it's unnecessary.
</p>
</li>
</ul></div>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :D<br/>Your explanations are very useful to me.<br/><br/>I have a question.<br/>&gt; "Such as" is normally followed only by nouns, so "are needed" sounds unnatural.<br/>When I don't use "are needed" in this sentence, I think that "because" should be changed to "because of," but is this thinking right?
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Harry Spaz</span><br>
Sorry, I didn't notice that!  Yes, you are right.  Because the sentence is so long, it's hard to notice.  I recommend using "because of" and cutting "are needed", because it will be easier to read.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
I understand! Thank you very much! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">outdoors</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">They are soft and disposable ones, and it costs around 2000 yen per month.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
They are soft and disposable <span class="sline">ones</span>, and <span class="sline">it</span> <span class="f_blue">they</span> cost<span class="sline">s</span> around 2,000 yen per month.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, the actual manufacturing cost of  contact lens seems to be 2 to 10 yen for each lens.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, the actual manufacturing cost of contact lens seems to be 2 to 10 yen <span class="sline">for each</span><span class="f_blue"> per</span> lens.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The reason why the selling price is increased is because a lot of things, such as R&amp;D expenses, medical services costs, store management costs, and advertising costs are needed.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Some of t</span>he reason<span class="f_blue">s</span> <span class="sline">why the selling</span> <span class="f_blue">for this</span> price <span class="sline">is</span> increase<span class="sline">d</span> <span class="sline">is because a lot of things, such</span> <span class="sline">as</span> <span class="f_blue">include</span>: R&amp;D expenses, the cost of medical services <span class="sline">costs</span>, store management costs, and advertising costs <span class="sline">are needed</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If you buy contact lens from online stores without any prescription, the price will become less expensive because of cost reductions of medical services and store managements.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
If you buy contact lens<span class="f_red">es</span> from online stores without any prescription, the price will be<span class="sline">come</span> less <span class="sline">expensive</span> because of <span class="f_blue">the reduced</span> medical service<span class="sline">s</span> and store management<span class="sline">s</span> cost<span class="f_blue">s</span> <span class="sline">reductions</span> <span class="sline">of</span> .
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :D
</div>
</div>
