---
date: 2015-12-10
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Bees' Waggle Dance</h1>
<div class="date">Dec 10, 2015 10:00</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Honeybees share information about locations of nectar or their nest with peers by dancing along a figure of eight or a circle.<br/><br/>The accuracy of their information transfer is surprisingly high.<br/><br/>They can obtain a distance by integrating what they see, and a direction by sunlight information.<br/><br/>When they found nectar, they inform the distance by the humming length, and the direction by the angular of their dance.<br/><br/>Then honeybees who received the information depart with a three times of food(honey) that can fly the received distance.<br/><br/>They consider a possibility that they could get lost.<br/><br/>Once they realize that the information is right and there is no chance of getting lost, they will become to fly with only appropriate quantities of food.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
ミツバチのダンス<br/><br/>ミツバチは8の字や円に沿ってダンスを踊り、仲間に蜜や巣の場所を知らせます。<br/><br/>このダンスによる情報伝達の精度は、驚くほど高いものです。<br/><br/>ミツバチは目に映る風景の流れの積算値から距離を、太陽光の情報から方向を得ることができます。<br/><br/>そして餌場を見つけると、羽音の長さで距離を、ダンスの向きで方向を仲間に知らせます。<br/><br/>情報を受け取ったミツバチは迷子になったときに備えて、教えられた距離を飛行するのに要する食料（蜜）の3倍程度をもって出かけます。<br/><br/>そして迷子にならないことがわかったら、適量の食料だけを持って飛行するようになります。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Mac</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Honeybees share information about locations of nectar or their nest with peers by dancing along a figure of eight or a circle.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Honeybees share information about locations of nectar or their nest with peers by dancing along a figure eight or a circle.
<p class="correction_comment">Normally we just say "figure eight."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When they found nectar, they inform the distance by the humming length, and the direction by the angular of their dance.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
When they <span class="f_red">find </span>nectar, they inform the distance by the humming length, and the direction by the <span class="f_red">angle </span>of their dance.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Then honeybees who received the information depart with a three times of food(honey) that can fly the received distance.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Then honeybees who received the information depart with a three times of food(honey) that can fly the received distance.
<p class="correction_comment">I'm not sure what you are trying to convey here, could you rephrase it?</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">They consider a possibility that they could get lost.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
They consider <span class="f_red">the </span>possibility that they could get lost.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Once they realize that the information is right and there is no chance of getting lost, they will become to fly with only appropriate quantities of food.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Once they realize that the information is right and there is no chance of getting lost, they will <span class="f_red">begin </span>to fly with only appropriate quantities of food.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :)<br/>&gt; I'm not sure what you are trying to convey here, could you rephrase it?<br/>I'm sorry for may confusing English.<br/>I wanted to say something like:<br/>If honeybees receive a location information of nectar, they will go to the location with their food. Also, they calculate the amount of necessary food to fly the distance to the destination, and they carry three times as much food as the calculated amount.<br/>I hope my sentence makes sense.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Mac</span><br>
"The honeybees who receive this information depart with three times the amount of food needed to travel the distance given, in case they become lost." That is how I would say it.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much again for the kind correction!
</div>
</div>
