---
date: 2015-12-22
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: "0369_winter-solstice"
---

# 【No. 0369】Winter Solstice
<div class="date">Dec 22, 2015 14:50</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today is the winter solstice, which is marked by the shortest day and longest night of the year.<br/><br/>In Japan, it is said that eating pumpkins and taking yuzu-yu on the winter solstice can prevent catching cold.<br/><br/>In fact, since pumpkins contain a lot of vitamin A and carotene, they are effective in preventing cold.<br/><br/>Also, yuzu-yu means a bath that is floated some (or many) yuzu citron.<br/><br/>The yuzu-yu is effective in preventing cold, promoting blood circulation, beauty care and relaxation.<br/><br/>As a hypothesis of the custom of taking yuzu-yu on the winter solstice, there is something like the following: the reason is because that the term "冬至, toji" （winter solstice） is similar to "湯治, toji" （hot spring cure）, and the term "融通, yuzu"（adaptable） is similar to "柚子, yuzu"（yuzu citron）.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
冬至<br/><br/>今日は冬至で、１年で最も日照時間が短くなる日です。<br/><br/>日本では、冬至にはかぼちゃを食べ、柚子湯に入ると風邪をひかないと言われています。<br/><br/>実際かぼちゃはビタミンAやカロチンが豊富で、風邪の予防に効果的です。<br/><br/>また、柚子湯とはゆずを浮かべたお風呂のことを指します。<br/><br/>柚子湯には血行を促進して風邪を予防したり、美肌効果やリラックス効果があります。<br/><br/>冬至に柚子湯に入る習慣の説として、冬至と湯治をかけ、柚子湯は融通がきくという語呂合わせからきているというものもあります。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">PlasmaSn4ke</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Winter Solstice</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today is the winter solstice, which is marked by the shortest day and longest night of the year.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In Japan, it is said that eating pumpkins and taking yuzu-yu on the winter solstice can prevent catching cold.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In Japan, it is said that eating pumpkins and taking yuzu-yu on the winter solstice can prevent catching a cold.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In fact, since pumpkins contain a lot of vitamin A and carotene, they are effective in preventing cold.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In fact, since pumpkins contain a lot of vitamin A and carotene, they are effective in preventing colds.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, yuzu-yu means a bath that is floated some (or many) yuzu citron.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, a yuzu-yu is a bath within which some (or many) yuzu citron are floated.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The yuzu-yu is effective in preventing cold, promoting blood circulation, beauty care and relaxation.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The yuzu-yu is effective in preventing colds, promoting blood circulation, and is good for beauty care and relaxation.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As a hypothesis of the custom of taking yuzu-yu on the winter solstice, there is something like the following: the reason is because that the term "冬至, toji" （winter solstice） is similar to "湯治, toji" （hot spring cure）, and the term "融通, yuzu"（adaptable） is similar to "柚子, yuzu"（yuzu citron）.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
As a hypothesis about the custom of taking a yuzu-yu on the winter solstice, there is something like the following: the reason is that the term "冬至, toji" （winter solstice） is similar to "湯治, toji" （hot spring cure）, and the term "融通, yuzu"（adaptable） is similar to "柚子, yuzu"（yuzu citron）.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :D
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">outdoors</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In Japan, it is said that eating pumpkins and taking yuzu-yu on the winter solstice can prevent catching cold.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In Japan, it is said that eating pumpkins and taking yuzu-yu on the winter solstice can prevent<span class="sline"> catching</span> cold<span class="f_blue">s</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, yuzu-yu means a bath that is floated some (or many) yuzu citron.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, yuzu-yu means a bath <span class="sline">that is floated</span> <span class="f_blue">infused with </span>some (or many) yuzu citron.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Cool! :) I heard that the Chinese said today you have to be home by 10pm because the ghosts come out (for the Winter Solstice, I guess).
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>I didn't know the Chinese tradition, but it's interesting. Thank you for letting me know. :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">outdoors</span><br>
You're welcome. By the way, I'm not sure "infused" is the best word for the yuzu-yu; it's normally used for teas (infusions), but I didn't know what word to use for putting yuzu in your bath. It must smell nice :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for the explanation!<br/>We often put yuzu without cutting on a bath, but we sometimes cut (or slice) them. In the latter, the word "infused" might be more appropriate. By the way, I found the following sentence on the Internet: "Yuzuyu refers to the bath in which yuzus are put and set afloat."<br/><br/>&gt; It must smell nice :)<br/>Yes, I really like this smell. :)
</div>
</div>
