---
date: 2015-12-25
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# Christmas Trivia
<div class="date">Dec 25, 2015 14:37</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Did a Santa Claus visit your home?<br/><br/>Since today is Christmas, I will introduce trivia about Christmas in some countries.<br/><br/>Once in the UK, Santa Claus had worn green clothes, but they seemed to be changed to red by a Coca Cola campaign.<br/><br/>In the Netherlands, there are two Christmas in December, people will receive gifts in the 6th and the 25th.<br/><br/>In Russia, there are three Christmas, December 25th, January 1st, and January 7th.<br/><br/>A Russian Santa Claus seems to be often with his granddaughter (Snegurochka).<br/><br/>In Spain and Italy, Christmas continues from December 15th to January 6th, and the day that children receive gifts seems to be January 6th.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
クリスマスのトリビア<br/><br/>皆さんのところにサンタクロースは来ましたか？<br/><br/>今日はクリスマスなので、各国のクリスマスについて簡単に紹介しようと思います。<br/><br/>イギリスではかつてサンタクロースは緑色の服を着ていましたが、コカコーラのキャンペーンで赤い服になったと言われています。<br/><br/>オランダではクリスマスが12月に2回あり、6日と25日にプレゼントをもらえます。<br/><br/>ロシアのクリスマスは12月25日、1月1日、1月7日の3回あり、サンタクロースは孫娘とよく一緒にいるそうです。<br/><br/>スペインやイタリアでは、クリスマスは12月15日から1月6日まで続き、子どもたちがプレゼントをもらうのは1月6日のようです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Did a Santa Claus visit your home?</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Did a Santa Claus visit your home?
<p class="correction_comment">a を省略してもいいと思うんだけど。</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/>Sadly, I am still confused whether many words are countable or not, hehe.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span><br>
Umm...in this case, <br/>When I read 'a Santa Claus', it made me think of Santa as a common noun. For example:<br/>A: *コンコン*<br/>B: You seem ill. Why don't you go and see a doctor ? <br/>Here, 'doctor' is a common noun. <br/><br/>B: You seem ill. Why don't you go and see Dr. Kanotown ? <br/>Here, you don't use 'a Dr. Kanotown' because there's only one of him. <br/><br/>So, I think Santa can also be a common noun if there are many Santas around the world. <br/>But if we are talking about only one Santa (proper noun), who is universally recognized, then you can omit 'a'. That's why I thought, it doesn't seem wrong even with the 'a' :)<br/>I hope my explanation was understandable &lt;^^;
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Wow, thank you for your explanation and examples! I understand well. :)<br/>I've thought many people could transform into Santa Claus in Christmas, so I was confused.<br/>(By the way, I've heard there are about 120 Santa Claus(es?) who are accredited by Santa Claus Association.)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span><br>
Glad I could help ~<br/>うそ！120!! That's something new :) I still think 120 is a bit less for the entire globe hehe<br/>I can imagine a group of red jackets and white beard sitting in a round table conference when I think about Santa Claus Association. Nice info.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Once in the UK, Santa Claus had worn green clothes, but they seemed to be changed to red by a Coca Cola campaign.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Once in the UK, Santa Claus had worn green clothes, but they seemed to be changed to red by a Coca Cola campaign. (or: ...<span class="f_blue">red because of  Coca Cola's push into the European market</span>)
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In the Netherlands, there are two Christmas in December, people will receive gifts in the 6th and the 25th.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In the Netherlands, there are two Christmas<span class="f_blue">es</span> in December, people will receive gifts in the 6th and the 25th.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In Russia, there are three Christmas, December 25th, January 1st, and January 7th.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In Russia, there are three Christmas<span class="f_blue">es</span>, December 25th, January 1st, and January 7th.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">A Russian Santa Claus seems to be often with his granddaughter (Snegurochka).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
A Russian Santa Claus seems to be often <span class="f_blue">accompanied by</span> his granddaughter (Snegurochka).
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting! Merry Christmas ^_^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post!<br/>Merry Christmas! :D
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">Yukinekorin</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Did a Santa Claus visit your home?</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Did Santa Claus visit your home?
<p class="correction_comment">I think Santa Claus is just one person, so I think it is better without the "a".</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since today is Christmas, I will introduce trivia about Christmas in some countries.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since today is Christmas, I will <span class="f_blue">share some</span> trivia about Christmas <span class="f_blue">known in </span>some countries.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Once in the UK, Santa Claus had worn green clothes, but they seemed to be changed to red by a Coca Cola campaign.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Once in the UK, Santa Claus had worn green clothes, but they seemed <span class="f_blue">to have been</span> changed to red <span class="f_blue">due to/because of a</span> Coca Cola campaign.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In the Netherlands, there are two Christmas in December, people will receive gifts in the 6th and the 25th.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In the Netherlands, there are two <span class="f_blue">Christmases/ 2 days of Christmas </span>in December.<span class="f_blue">P</span>eople will receive gifts in the 6th and the 25th.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In Russia, there are three Christmas, December 25th, January 1st, and January 7th.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In Russia, there are three <span class="f_blue">Christmases/3 days of Christmas</span>, December 25th, January 1st, and January 7th.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">A Russian Santa Claus seems to be often with his granddaughter (Snegurochka).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
A Russian Santa Claus seems to be often <span class="f_blue">accompanied by</span> his granddaughter, Snegurochka.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In Spain and Italy, Christmas continues from December 15th to January 6th, and the day that children receive gifts seems to be January 6th.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Wow, I didn't know that Christmas is celebrated on so many different days in different countries! I also do not know that Santa Claus used to wear green. Interesting article :D
 <br/>
 <br/>
 So how was your Christmas? This is a little late but, Merry Christmas ^^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/>I'm glad to hear you say that. :)<br/><br/>&gt; So how was your Christmas? This is a little late but, Merry Christmas ^^<br/>Merry Christmas! (^-^)<br/>I ate a piece of cake, but that was all, haha.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Yukinekorin</span><br>
どういたしまして :D<br/>Haha at least it's something ^^ 
</div>
</div>
