---
date: 2016-01-07
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Snails</h1>
<div class="date">Jan 7, 2016 20:03</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
We often see snails on concrete walls after the rain.<br/><br/>Do you know the reason?<br/><br/>Since snails' shells are mainly made of calcium carbonate, they are able to extend their shells by incorporating calcium.<br/><br/>Also, when concrete gets wet, calcium carbonate ooze out.<br/><br/>Yes, they come on concrete walls to eat calcium carbonate that oozes out of concrete.<br/><br/>By the way, snails have about 12 thousand teeth, and don't have genders.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
カタツムリ<br/><br/>カタツムリは雨上がりによく、コンクリートの壁で見かけます。<br/><br/>この理由をご存知でしょうか。<br/><br/>カタツムリの殻は主に炭酸カルシウムでできており、カルシウムを取り込むことで殻を大きくすることができます。<br/><br/>そして、コンクリートは雨に濡れると炭酸カルシウムが染み出します。<br/><br/>そう、彼らはコンクリートから染み出た炭酸カルシウムを摂食しているのです。<br/><br/>ちなみに、カタツムリは合計1万2000本の歯があり、性別はありません。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Barb</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">We often see snails on concrete walls after the rain.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Do you know the reason?</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since snails' shells are mainly made of calcium carbonate, they are able to extend their shells by incorporating calcium.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since <span class="f_red">snail</span> shells are mainly made of calcium carbonate, they are able to extend their shells by incorporating calcium.You can make "snail" singular as you are talking about shells which is plural
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, when concrete gets wet, calcium carbonate ooze out.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, when concrete gets wet, calcium carbonate <span class="f_red">oozes</span> out.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yes, they come on concrete walls to eat calcium carbonate that oozes out of concrete.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red">So the snails climb onto the </span>concrete walls to eat <span class="f_red">the</span> calcium carbonate that oozes out of concrete.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, snails have about 12 thousand teeth, and don't have genders.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Very good spelling and punctuation.  I have put the words that I have changed in red.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/>I'm glad to hear you say that :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, snails have about 12 thousand teeth, and don't have genders.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
By the way, snails have about 12 thousand teeth, and don't have genders (or: <span class="f_blue">are asexual</span>).
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting! I've heard that cooked snails are very delicious.. never ate them though))
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post!<br/>So it would seem. In Japan, cooked snails are known as a kind of fancy French dish, which is called escargot. However, maybe I will never eat them, haha.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^<br/><br/>&gt;However, maybe I will never eat them, haha.<br/><br/>Neither would I.^_^
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since snails' shells are mainly made of calcium carbonate, they are able to extend their shells by incorporating calcium.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since <span class="f_blue">their</span> shells are mainly made of calcium carbonate, they are able to extend their shells by incorporating calcium.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction! :)
</div>
</div>
