---
date: 2016-01-08
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: "0386_national-gemstone"
---

# 【No. 0386】National Gemstone
<div class="date">Jan 8, 2016 12:58</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Many people may be familiar with national flowers (also known as floral emblems) and national birds, but today I will show you national gemstones.<br/><br/>National gemstones are stones that symbolizes the countries, and a national gemstone in Japan is a crystal.<br/><br/>The reason is because that once high-quality crystals were able to be extracted in Japan, and we had an excellent crystal polishing technique.<br/><br/>Basically, stones that are known as specialties become the national gemstones.<br/><br/>For example, the national gemstone in; India and Arab is a pearl, Austria and Australia is an opal, Thailand and Myanmar is a ruby, and Colombia is an emerald.<br/><br/>There are also many exceptions, e.g., the national gemstone in; the US is a sapphire, the UK is a diamond, and China is a jade, but the localities of these gemstones are not these countries.<br/><br/>These national gemstones were decided by the national flag color, the national image, or the trade culture.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
国石<br/><br/>国花や国鳥に馴染みがある人は多いと思いますが、今日は国石を紹介します。<br/><br/>国石とはその国を象徴する石のことで、日本の場合は水晶です。<br/><br/>かつて良質な水晶の産地であったことと、水晶研磨技術も優れていたためです。<br/><br/>基本的には、名産である宝石が国籍となります。<br/><br/>例えば、インドやアラブは真珠、オーストリアやオーストラリアはオパール、タイやミャンマーはルビー、コロンビアはエメラルドです。<br/><br/>例外も多く存在し、アメリカはサファイア、イギリスはダイヤモンド、中国はヒスイですが、いずれも産地とは関係がありません。<br/><br/>これらは国旗の色や国のイメージ、交易文化などに起因しています。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Stasis</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Many people may be familiar with national flowers (also known as floral emblems) and national birds, but today I will show you national gemstones.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Many people may be familiar with national flowers (also known as floral emblems) and national birds, but today I will show you national gemstones.
<p class="correction_comment">This is fine, but "today I will talk about national gemstones" or "today I will tell you about national gemstones" might sound more natural.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">National gemstones are stones that symbolizes the countries, and a national gemstone in Japan is a crystal.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
National gemstones are stones that <span class="f_blue">symbolize countries</span>, and <span class="f_blue">the</span> national gemstone in Japan is a crystal.
<p class="correction_comment">One stone symbolizes. Many stones symbolize.<br/><br/>Because you're talking about one specific thing, you would say "the national gemstone" instead of "a national gemstone".</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The reason is because that once high-quality crystals were able to be extracted in Japan, and we had an excellent crystal polishing technique.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The reason is <span class="sline">because</span> that once high-quality crystals were able to be extracted in Japan, and we had an excellent crystal polishing technique.
<p class="correction_comment">"Because" and "that" basically mean the same thing in this sentence, so you only need one. Either one works, but "The reason is that..." sounds the most natural to me.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Basically, stones that are known as specialties become the national gemstones.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Basically, stones that are known as specialties become <span class="sline">the</span> national gemstones.
<p class="correction_comment">What you wrote is OK, but this sounds more natural to me.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">For example, the national gemstone in; India and Arab is a pearl, Austria and Australia is an opal, Thailand and Myanmar is a ruby, and Colombia is an emerald.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
For example, the national gemstone in<span class="f_gray"> </span>India and <span class="f_blue">Arab (?)</span> is a pearl, Austria and Australia is an opal, Thailand and Myanmar is a ruby, and Colombia is an emerald.
<p class="correction_comment">The semicolon (;) isn't needed.<br/><br/>"Arab" is an ethnicity or regional description in English, so I'm not sure what country it is. Maybe the United Arab Emirates (the UAE)?</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">g., the national gemstone in; the US is a sapphire, the UK is a diamond, and China is a jade, but the localities of these gemstones are not these countries.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
g., the national gemstone in the US is a sapphire, the UK is a diamond, and China is a jade, but <span class="f_blue">these gemstones are not native to these countries.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">Same as before, the semicolon isn't needed. The last part of the sentence is understandable but sounds awkward.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">These national gemstones were decided by the national flag color, the national image, or the trade culture.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Well written! Just some hitches here and there
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Stasis</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
g., the national gemstone in the US is a sapphire, the UK is a diamond, and China is a jade, but <span class="f_blue">these gemstones are not native to these countries.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">
Same as before, the semicolon isn't needed. The last part of the sentence is understandable but sounds awkward.
</p>
</li>
</ul></div>
Actually, reading your Japanese version, a better way to say this might be:<br/>"but these gemstones are not produced by these countries."
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
For example, the national gemstone in<span class="f_gray"> </span>India and <span class="f_blue">Arab (?)</span> is a pearl, Austria and Australia is an opal, Thailand and Myanmar is a ruby, and Colombia is an emerald.
<p class="correction_comment">
The semicolon (;) isn't needed.<br/><br/>"Arab" is an ethnicity or regional description in English, so I'm not sure what country it is. Maybe the United Arab Emirates (the UAE)?
</p>
</li>
</ul></div>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>Your corrections are so helpful to me :)<br/>&gt; Maybe the United Arab Emirates (the UAE)?<br/>Sorry, my expression was not accurate. You're right. I wanted to imply the UAE.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The reason is because that once high-quality crystals were able to be extracted in Japan, and we had an excellent crystal polishing technique.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The reason is that once high-quality crystals were able to be extracted (or: <span class="f_blue">were</span> <span class="f_blue">mined</span>) (<span class="f_blue">only</span>) in Japan, and we had an excellent crystal polishing technique.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">For example, the national gemstone in; India and Arab is a pearl, Austria and Australia is an opal, Thailand and Myanmar is a ruby, and Colombia is an emerald.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
For example, the national gemstone in India and (<span class="f_blue">some</span>) Arab <span class="f_blue">countries</span> is a pearl, Austria and Australia is an opal, Thailand and Myanmar is a ruby, and Colombia is an emerald.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting! Crystals play a big role in a "Final Fantasy" games as well.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post :)<br/>Oh, that's for sure!
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">National gemstones are stones that symbolizes the countries, and a national gemstone in Japan is a crystal.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
National gemstones are stones that symbolize the countries, and the national gemstone of Japan is crystal.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The reason is because that once high-quality crystals were able to be extracted in Japan, and we had an excellent crystal polishing technique.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The reason is that formerly(in the past), high-quality crystals were extracted in Japan, and we had an excellent crystal polishing technique.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 面白い投稿です：）
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for the corrections and your comment! :D
</div>
</div>
