---
date: 2016-01-11
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# Polar Bear Trivia
<div class="date">Jan 11, 2016 14:17</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I will share some trivia about polar bears.<br/><br/>The polar bear looks white, but the skin color is actually black, and the hair color is transparent.<br/><br/>If the body hair color is transparent, the heat of the sun will be absorbed effectively because light is transmitted easily through the hair.<br/><br/>Furthermore, the inside of the hair is hollow, and light is scattered, so it looks white, and it has an heat accumulation effect.<br/><br/>Since the body temperature of the polar bear is hardly released, there are very little infrared light that is radiated from the body, and it's really difficult to capture the figure using an infrared camera.<br/><br/>Also, the body hair, which looks white, plays a role of protective coloration, and polar bears seem to hide their black noses when they have a hunt.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
シロクマの雑学<br/><br/>今日はシロクマの雑学を紹介します。<br/><br/>シロクマは白く見えますが、実は肌の色は黒色で、毛の色は無色透明です。<br/><br/>体毛が透明であれば光が透過するので、太陽の熱を取り込むことができます。<br/><br/>さらに、シロクマの体毛は内部が空洞になっているため、散乱光によって白く見え、同時に蓄熱の効果も有します。<br/><br/>シロクマは体温がほとんど外に逃げないので、体から輻射される赤外線が非常に少なく、赤外線カメラでその姿を捉えることが困難だそうです。<br/><br/>また、白く見える体毛は保護色の役割も果たしており、彼らは狩りをするとき黒い鼻を隠すそうです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">AlsEenPoffertje</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Polar Bear Trivia</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will share some trivia about polar bears.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The polar bear looks white, but the skin color is actually black, and the hair color is transparent.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The polar bear looks white, but the skin color is actually black, and the hair color is transparent.<span class="f_gray">/The polar bear looks white, but its skin is actually black, and its hair is transparent.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">The gray text is simply more natural. :)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If the body hair color is transparent, the heat of the sun will be absorbed effectively because light is transmitted easily through the hair.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
If <span class="f_red">its hair</span> is transparent, the heat of the sun will be absorbed effectively because light is transmitted easily through the hair.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Furthermore, the inside of the hair is hollow, and light is scattered, so it looks white, and it has an heat accumulation effect.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Furthermore, the inside of the hair is hollow, and light is scattered, so it looks white, and it has a<span class="sline">n</span> heat accumulation effect<span class="f_gray">/an effect of accumulating heat</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">Again, the gray text sounds more natural.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since the body temperature of the polar bear is hardly released, there are very little infrared light that is radiated from the body, and it's really difficult to capture the figure using an infrared camera.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since the body temperature of the polar bear is hardly released, there <span class="f_red">is</span> very little infrared light that is radiated from the body, and it's really difficult to capture the <span class="f_red">polar bear's </span>figure using an infrared camera.
<p class="correction_comment">It sounds much better to mention that it's the polar bear's figure that is being talked about.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, the body hair, which looks white, plays a role of protective coloration, and polar bears seem to hide their black noses when they have a hunt.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, the <span class="sline">body</span> hair, which looks white, plays a role of <span class="f_bold">protective coloration</span><span class="f_gray">/camouflage</span>, and polar bears seem to hide their black noses when they have a hunt.
<p class="correction_comment">"camouflage" could be defined as "protective coloration," so it's simply a more natural and shorter way of expressing that. ^_^</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Overall this was very well written! It's a good idea to share interesting facts in entries like this. ^_^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>I'm so glad to hear you say that :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Chris</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If the body hair color is transparent, the heat of the sun will be absorbed effectively because light is transmitted easily through the hair.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Since its hair </span>is transparent, the heat of the sun <span class="f_blue">is</span> absorbed effectively because light is transmitted easily through the hair.
<p class="correction_comment">Or:<br/>"If hair is transparent, the heat of the sun will be absorbed effectively because light is transmitted easily through the hair."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Furthermore, the inside of the hair is hollow, and light is scattered, so it looks white, and it has an heat accumulation effect.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Furthermore, the inside of the hair is hollow <span class="f_blue">and the </span>light is scattered, so it looks white <span class="f_blue">and has an insulating effect.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since the body temperature of the polar bear is hardly released, there are very little infrared light that is radiated from the body, and it's really difficult to capture the figure using an infrared camera.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since the body temperature of the polar bear is<span class="f_blue"> barely</span> released, there <span class="f_blue">is</span> very little infrared light that is radiated from the body, and it's really difficult <span class="f_blue">to image a polar bear </span>using an infrared camera.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, the body hair, which looks white, plays a role of protective coloration, and polar bears seem to hide their black noses when they have a hunt.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, the body hair, which looks white, plays a role <span class="f_blue">in</span> <span class="f_blue">camouflage </span>and polar bears seem to hide their black noses when <span class="f_blue">they are hunting.</span>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :D
</div>
</div>
