---
date: 2016-01-19
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">There's No Limit to Things (Ue niwa ue ga aru)</h1>
<div class="date">Jan 19, 2016 15:06</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I'd like to introduce a Japanese phrase that we often confused.<br/><br/>It's "ue niwa ue ga aru (which means there's no limit to things, or there's always somebody above you.)"<br/><br/>This is the phrase, which express there is no limit to things, but we often say "ue niwa ue ga iru ("iru" means a person is present, while "aru" means a thing is present)."<br/><br/>I think the reason is because when we say this phrase to people, "iru" sounds more natural.<br/><br/>However, originally, using "aru" in this phrase seems to be accurate even when the subject is person.<br/><br/>Actually, I had also thought that "ue niwa ue ga iru" was a correct Japanese expression until today.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
上には上がある<br/><br/>今日は、日本人がよく間違える日本語を紹介します。<br/><br/>「上には上がある」です。<br/><br/>これは物事に限度がないことを表す慣用句ですが、我々はよく「上には上がいる」と言います。<br/><br/>人に対して使うときは、「ある」よりも「いる」のほうが自然に聞こえるからだと思います。<br/><br/>しかし本来は、人に対しても物事に対しても「ある」と表現するのが正しいようです。<br/><br/>実は、私も今日まで「上には上がいる」を正しい慣用表現だと思っていました。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I'd like to introduce a Japanese phrase that we often confused.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I'd like to introduce a Japanese phrase that <span class="f_blue">is</span> often <span class="f_blue">mis</span>used.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, originally, using "aru" in this phrase seems to be accurate even when the subject is person.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, originally, using "aru" in this phrase seems to be accurate even when the subject is person (or: <span class="f_blue">animate</span>).
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting! If the universe is infinite there is definitely no limit to anything.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post! :)<br/>Yeah. Your comment reminded me of the phrase "To infinity and beyond!"
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^<br/><br/>&gt;Yeah. Your comment reminded me of the phrase "To infinity and beyond!"<br/><br/>Oh,really ^_^ Your comment made me want to watch "Toy Story" once again.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This is the phrase, which express there is no limit to things, but we often say "ue niwa ue ga iru ("iru" means a person is present, while "aru" means a thing is present)."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This phrase means that there is no limit to things, but we often say "ue niwa ue ga iru ("iru" means a person is present, while "aru" means a thing is present)."
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Sky is the limit :)
 <br/>
 I didn't know about this misuse until today.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Haha, indeed.<br/>Actually, this phrase is mainly used for human abilities in Japan.<br/>And you and I can point out this misuse toward many Japanese from now on :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span><br>
You got that right ! ^_^b<br/>'Human abilities' as in the extent to which a person can explore his abilities are limitless ..or in some other sense ? 
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Hmm, I think it a little different. My dictionary translated "上には上がある" into "there is no limit to things," but the nuance might be different.<br/>We often use this phrase when we saw a person who has excellent abilities. The sense is something like:<br/>I thought I/you/he/she had a good ability. However, I realized there is always someone  better.<br/><br/>Also, I forgot to say thank you. Thank you so much for your correction :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span><br>
oh I see. なるほ<br/>あ、問題ないよ：）
</div>
</div>
