---
date: 2016-01-24
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">High Quality Sleep</h1>
<div class="date">Jan 24, 2016 17:39</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Sleep is very valuable for human beings.<br/><br/>It can heal fatigues of your body and brain, enhance immunity, and get rid of stresses.<br/><br/>However, if the quality of sleep is low or the sleep is not enough, it will cause obesity, aging, weakening of the immune system and increasing of the cancer risk.<br/><br/>For a high-quality sleep, the secretion of melatonin, which you might call "sleep hormone," is required.<br/><br/>We usually start to secrete melatonin before sleep, and a large amount of melatonin is secreted during the sleep.<br/><br/>Melatonin is secreted from your pineal gland, but even if slight light enter your eyes, the secretion will be suppressed.<br/><br/>You should not use a PC or a smartphone before bedtime, and you should make your room totally dark while sleeping.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
質の良い睡眠<br/><br/>睡眠は人にとってとても重要なものです。<br/><br/>体と脳の疲れを癒やし、免疫力を高め、ストレスを取り除くことができます。<br/><br/>しかし睡眠の質が悪かったり睡眠不足であると、肥満や老化、免疫力の低下や癌のリスクを増加させます。<br/><br/>質の良い睡眠には、メラトニン（睡眠ホルモン）の分泌が必要です。<br/><br/>私たちは大抵、眠る前からメラトニンの分泌をはじめ、睡眠中に大量に分泌します。<br/><br/>メラトニンは松果体から分泌されますが、わずかな光が目に入るだけで抑制されてしまいます。<br/><br/>睡眠前はPCやスマートフォンを使わないようにし、睡眠中は部屋を真っ暗にするべきのようです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Yukinekorin</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">High Quality Sleep</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Sleep is very valuable for human beings.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It can heal fatigues of your body and brain, enhance immunity, and get rid of stresses.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It can heal <span class="f_blue">the fatigue </span>of your body and brain, enhance <span class="f_blue">your body's </span>immunity, and get rid of <span class="f_blue">stress</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, if the quality of sleep is low or the sleep is not enough, it will cause obesity, aging, weakening of the immune system and increasing of the cancer risk.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, if the quality of sleep is low or <span class="f_blue">you do not have enough sleep</span>, it <span class="f_blue">may cause</span> obesity, aging, weakening of the immune system and <span class="f_blue">an increased risk </span>of the cancer.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">For a high-quality sleep, the secretion of melatonin, which you might call "sleep hormone," is required.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">To be able to sleep well/ To attain a high quality sleep</span>, the secretion of melatonin, which you might call "sleep hormone," is required.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">We usually start to secrete melatonin before sleep, and a large amount of melatonin is secreted during the sleep.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
We usually start to secrete melatonin before sleep, and a large amount of melatonin is secreted <span class="f_blue">while we are sleeping</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Melatonin is secreted from your pineal gland, but even if slight light enter your eyes, the secretion will be suppressed.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Melatonin is secreted from your pineal gland, but the secretion will be suppressed even if <span class="f_blue">it is just a slight amount of light that entered </span>your eyes, .
<p class="correction_comment">I rearranged your sentence. :)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">You should not use a PC or a smartphone before bedtime, and you should make your room totally dark while sleeping.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
You should not use a <span class="f_blue">computer </span>or a smartphone <span class="f_blue">right </span>before bedtime, and you should make your room totally dark while sleeping.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Sleep in definitely important, but I never knew we need the room to be totally dark in order to sleep well! That is a huge problem for me, because I have a phobia of darkness and I always sleep with a bedside lamp. &gt;&lt;
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post! :)<br/>I think such a slight amount of light that don't enter your eyes directly will not be a big problem, but being careful might be good for you.<br/>One of the related studies is something like the following:<br/><a href="http://jnci.oxfordjournals.org/content/93/20/1557.full" target="_blank">http://jnci.oxfordjournals.org/content/93/20/1557.full</a>
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, if the quality of sleep is low or the sleep is not enough, it will cause obesity, aging, weakening of the immune system and increasing of the cancer risk.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, if the quality of sleep is low or you do not have enough sleep, it may cause obesity, <span class="f_blue">premature </span>aging, weakening of the immune system and an increased risk of cancer.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">For a high-quality sleep, the secretion of melatonin, which you might call "sleep hormone," is required.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
For a high-quality sleep, the secretion of melatonin, which you might call (or: <span class="f_blue">which is also called</span>) "sleep hormone," is required.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting! I must admit that turning off your smartphone before bed can help a lot.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post! :)<br/>Definitely, but I often watch my smartphone before bedtime. I have to break this habit.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^<br/><br/>&gt;Definitely, but I often watch my smartphone before bedtime. I have to break this habit.<br/><br/>Me too^_^
</div>
</div>
