---
date: 2016-02-02
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: "0411_only-human-beings-can-take-breaths-through-the-mouth"
---

# 【No. 0411】Only Human Beings Can Take Breaths Through the Mouth
<div class="date">Feb 2, 2016 14:44</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I learned that living beings that can take breaths through the mouth is only human beings.<br/><br/>First, insects basically take breaths through their abdominal holes called spiracle.<br/><br/>Birds and reptiles take breathes through their noses, because their noses and mouths are directly connected with their respiratory tracts and esophagus, respectively.<br/><br/>Mammals that walk on four legs such as dogs and cats cannot inhale air, because their palates overlap with their epiglottises.<br/><br/>Living beings except human beings have basically separate respiratory tracts and esophagus.<br/><br/>It's also true even for anthropoid apes.<br/><br/>Only human beings share their respiratory tracts and esophagus.<br/><br/>The reason is thought that we have come to walk upright, or come to speak languages.<br/><br/>However, the mouth breathing has many disadvantages, so you don't have to do it too much.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
人間のみが可能な口呼吸<br/><br/>今日は、口で呼吸が可能な生物は人間のみだということを学びました。<br/><br/>まず、昆虫は基本的に、腹部の気門という穴から呼吸を行います。<br/><br/>鳥類や爬虫類では、鼻が気道、口が食道と直結しており、呼吸は鼻でのみ行われます。<br/><br/>犬や猫などの哺乳類は、口蓋が喉頭蓋と重なっており、口から息を吸うことができません。<br/><br/>人間以外の生物は、類人猿も含め、気道と食道が独立しています。<br/><br/>人間のみが気道と食道を共有しているのです。<br/><br/>この理由として、直立歩行するようになったため、言葉を話すようになったためなどが考えられています。<br/><br/>しかし、口呼吸にはデメリットが多いので、控えましょう。
</div></div>

## Corrections (4)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Efkoox</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Only Human Beings Can Take Breaths Through the Mouth</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 it's ok
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
 Thank you so much for checking my post! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Yukinekorin</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Only Human Beings Can Take Breaths Through the Mouth</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Only Human Beings Can <span class="f_blue">Breathe</span> Through <span class="f_blue">Their </span>Mouth<span class="f_blue">s</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I learned that living beings that can take breaths through the mouth is only human beings.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I learned that <span class="f_blue">the only </span>living <span class="f_blue">thing </span>that <span class="f_blue">is able to breathe through their mouths are</span> human<span class="f_blue">s</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">First, insects basically take breaths through their abdominal holes called spiracle.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
First, insects basically <span class="f_blue">breathe</span> through their abdominal holes called <span class="f_blue">spiracles</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Birds and reptiles take breathes through their noses, because their noses and mouths are directly connected with their respiratory tracts and esophagus, respectively.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Birds and reptiles <span class="f_blue">breathe</span> through their noses, because their noses and mouths are directly connected <span class="f_blue">by </span>their respiratory tracts and esophagus<span class="sline">, respectively</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Mammals that walk on four legs such as dogs and cats cannot inhale air, because their palates overlap with their epiglottises.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Living beings except human beings have basically separate respiratory tracts and esophagus.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">All l</span>iving <span class="f_blue">things excluding </span>human beings<span class="f_blue">,</span> have <span class="sline">basically </span>separate respiratory tracts and esophagus.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It's also true even for anthropoid apes.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">This is</span> also true even for anthropoid apes.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Only human beings share their respiratory tracts and esophagus.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The reason is thought that we have come to walk upright, or come to speak languages.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">It is said that it may be because we are born to walk upright</span>, or <span class="f_blue">due to the purpose of having </span>to speak languages.
<p class="correction_comment">Sorry if I changed the meaning of your sentence too much. Your sentence was a little awkward, so I corrected it based on how I feel is more natural.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, the mouth breathing has many disadvantages, so you don't have to do it too much.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, <span class="f_blue">breathing through the mouth</span> has <span class="f_blue">several </span>disadvantages, so <span class="f_blue">try not</span> to do it too much.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I don't use my mouth to breathe that much. I am too used to breathing with my nose hahaha. What are the disadvantages of using your mouth to breathe? :)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :)<br/>There are many disadvantages, such as:<br/>・become easy to catch a cold,<br/>・become easy to get a cavity,<br/>・disturb your sleep<br/>・cause misaligned teeth,<br/>・make the mouth thirsty and have a bad breath, etc.<br/><br/>Also, I have a question.<br/>You changed the phrase "take breaths" into "breathe," but I don't understand the difference between "take a breath" and "breathe." I'm happy if you explain about it.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Yukinekorin</span><br>
You are very welcome! Ah, I didn't know breathing through the mouth would actually cause bad breath and cavities. That is certainly interesting. :)<br/><br/>As for your question, "breath" is usually used when you are referring to the air going in and out of your mouth. It is usually used as a noun. As for "breathing", it is a verb and is used to describe the process of taking the air in and out of your body.<br/><br/>In your case, you are trying to describe that only humans are able to take in air with our mouths, which is actually a human action (verb), hence I think "breathe" would be a better word than "breath."<br/><br/>For example (breath):<br/>- I took a deep breath and jumped into the pool. (I am referring to taking in a huge amount of air to prepare myself before jumping into the pool)<br/>- He gasped for breath after running for the bus. (he has difficulty taking in air after running.)<br/><br/>For example (breathing):<br/>- Humans need to breathe or they will die.<br/>- That girl has asthma so she is having trouble breathing. <br/><br/>Hope it helps! ^^
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Yukinekorin さん, thank you very much for the kind explanations! <br/>I learned something new, and understand well (^-^)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Yukinekorin</span><br>
It's nothing, just glad that I helped you :D
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Mammals that walk on four legs such as dogs and cats cannot inhale air, because their palates overlap with their epiglottises.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Mammals that walk on four legs (or: <span class="f_blue">quadruped mammals</span>) such as dogs and cats cannot inhale air, because their palates overlap with their epiglottises.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, the mouth breathing has many disadvantages, so you don't have to do it too much.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, the mouth breathing has many disadvantages, so you don't have to do it too much (or: <span class="f_blue">..,so try not to overdo it.</span>)
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting! Nature is a perfect blend of form and function.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post! :)<br/>Yes, it's thought of as a miracle.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 4　<span class="just_name">シャル❇️</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It's also true even for anthropoid apes.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This is true even for anthropoid apes.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Only human beings share their respiratory tracts and esophagus.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Only human beings share their respiratory tract and esophagus.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting post !
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting me! :D
</div>
</div>
