---
date: 2016-02-10
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
---

# The Result of TOEIC SW
<div class="date">Feb 10, 2016 11:30</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I received the result of TOEIC Speaking &amp; Writing Test.<br/><br/>Although the speaking score was not changed compared to the result of two years ago, the writing score was increased considerably.<br/><br/>According to the conversion chart, my TOEIC SW score corresponds to about 920 on TOEIC score, but I can't reach such a score at all now, haha.<br/><br/>However, due to this writing result, written tests of some qualifications such as the Licensed Guide Interpreters are able to be exempted.<br/><br/>I will write the same thing as yesterday, but there's no doubt that thanks to everyone on Lang-8, I've improved my English.<br/><br/>It's a pleasure if we can benefit each other in the future too.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
TOEIC SW の結果<br/><br/>今日はTOEIC SWの結果が帰ってきました。<br/><br/>スピーキングは2年前の結果と変わりませんでしたが、ライティングの点数が大幅に上昇していました。<br/><br/>TOEICスコアへの換算表によると920点となっていましたが、そんなスコアには全く到達していません（笑）<br/><br/>しかし、今回のライティングの結果で、通訳案内士などの資格の筆記試験が免除されるようです。<br/><br/>昨日の投稿と同じようなことを書いてしまいますが、これだけ英語力（特にライティング力）が身についたのは、Lang-8の皆さんのおかげです。<br/><br/>今後ともよろしくお願いします。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">shaydwyrm</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I received the result of TOEIC Speaking &amp; Writing Test.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I received <span class="f_blue">my</span> TOEIC Speaking &amp; Writing Test <span class="f_blue">scores</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although the speaking score was not changed compared to the result of two years ago, the writing score was increased considerably.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although <span class="f_blue">my</span> speaking score was not <span class="f_blue">too different</span> compared to <span class="f_blue">my</span> result <span class="f_red">from</span> two years ago, <span class="f_blue">my</span> writing score <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">was</span></span> increased considerably.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to the conversion chart, my TOEIC SW score corresponds to about 920 on TOEIC score, but I can't reach such a score at all now, haha.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to the conversion chart, my TOEIC SW score corresponds to about <span class="f_red">a </span>920 on <span class="f_blue">the overall </span>TOEIC<span class="sline"> score</span>, but I can't reach such a score at all <span class="f_red">right</span><span class="f_blue"> </span>now, haha.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, due to this writing result, written tests of some qualifications such as the Licensed Guide Interpreters are able to be exempted.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, due to this writing result, <span class="f_red">I can be exempted from </span>written tests <span class="f_red">for</span> some qualifications such as the Licensed Guide Interpreters<span class="sline"> are able to be exempted</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I will write the same thing as yesterday, but there's no doubt that thanks to everyone on Lang-8, I've improved my English.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Congratulations!  That sounds like a pretty good score, although I'm not at all familiar with the TOEIC.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
Although <span class="f_blue">my</span> speaking score was not <span class="f_blue">too different</span> compared to <span class="f_blue">my</span> result <span class="f_red">from</span> two years ago, <span class="f_blue">my</span> writing score <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">was</span></span> increased considerably.
</li>
</ul></div>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>Yes, since it was a good score for me, I'm happy :)<br/><br/>&gt; Although my speaking score was not too different compared to my result from two years ago,...<br/>Actually, my speaking scores of this time and two years ago were the exactly same, haha. 
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Yukinekorin</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The Result of TOEIC SW</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The <span class="f_blue">Results </span>of TOEIC SW
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I received the result of TOEIC Speaking &amp; Writing Test.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I received the <span class="f_blue">results </span>of <span class="f_blue">my </span>TOEIC Speaking &amp; Writing Test.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although the speaking score was not changed compared to the result of two years ago, the writing score was increased considerably.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although <span class="f_blue">my score for the </span>speaking <span class="f_blue">component was not too different as</span> compared to <span class="f_blue">my results </span>two years ago, <span class="f_blue">my score for </span>writing <span class="f_blue">had</span> increased considerably.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to the conversion chart, my TOEIC SW score corresponds to about 920 on TOEIC score, but I can't reach such a score at all now, haha.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to the conversion chart, my TOEIC SW score corresponds to about <span class="f_blue">a </span>920<span class="f_blue"> in terms of TOEIC scores</span>, but I can't reach such a score at all <span class="f_blue">right </span>now, haha.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, due to this writing result, written tests of some qualifications such as the Licensed Guide Interpreters are able to be exempted.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, due to this <span class="f_blue">results</span>, <span class="f_blue">I am able to be exempted from </span>written tests <span class="f_blue">for </span>some qualifications such as the Licensed Guide Interpreters.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I will write the same thing as yesterday, but there's no doubt that thanks to everyone on Lang-8, I've improved my English.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It's a pleasure if we can benefit each other in the future too.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Yayyy Congratulations Kanotown!! ^^
 <br/>
 I am so happy for you :)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for the corrections and your comment, Yukinekorin-san!<br/>Hehe, I'm so glad to hear you say that (^-^)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">Flustered</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 Congratulations Kanotown!!!
 <br/>
 That's amazing that your writing score has increased so much! Every improvement you make is a big step toward your goals, so don't fret too much about the speaking. Just keep at it! :D
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the comment and encouraging me, polyglotlearner3-san!<br/>I will continue efforts towards my goals! (^-^)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Flustered</span><br>
You're welcome! Glad to hear you'll keep going strong! \(^o^)/
</div>
</div>
