---
date: 2016-02-11
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: 0420_preview-of-my-new-apartment
---

# 【No. 0420】Preview of My New Apartment 
<div class="date">Feb 11, 2016 18:51</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today was the National Foundation Day.<br/><br/>Therefore, I went to Tokyo, and saw an apartment that I will live in from April.<br/><br/>Although I slightly bothered train noises from railway tracks, I decided the apartment because other conditions were totally good.<br/><br/>After that, I went shopping while doing sightseeing.<br/><br/>I bought items too much before I know it.<br/><br/>I have hardly any money now.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
アパートの内見<br/><br/>今日は建国記念日であり、祝日です。<br/><br/>そのため、今日は東京に来て、4月から住むアパートの内見に来ました。<br/><br/>線路が近くてちょっと電車の音が気になる物件でしたが、それ以外の条件が良かったので、そこに決めました。<br/><br/>それから観光しながら買い物をしました。<br/><br/>ついつい色々なものを買いすぎてしまいました。<br/><br/>財布が寂しいです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">bunzuyom</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, I went to Tokyo, and saw an apartment that I will live in from April.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, I went to Tokyo, and saw an apartment that I will live in<span class="f_red">, on</span> April. Therefore, I went to Tokyo, and saw an apartment that I will live in from April <span class="f_blue">to August(just an example).</span>
<p class="correction_comment">The preposition "from" indicates a point wherein something starts, therefore using it requires an end point as well with the use "to" in between. Most sentences don't generally require this, but this particular statement does. If you do not want to give an endpoint, use the preposition "on" instead. And here's a link for the correct usage or on, in, at: http://www.talkenglish.com/grammar/prepositions-on-at-in.aspx</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although I slightly bothered train noises from railway tracks, I decided the apartment because other conditions were totally good.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although I <span class="f_red">was</span> slightly bothered train noises from railway tracks, I decided <span class="f_red">to choose(approve,accept etc. and other synonyms wherein you show approval)</span> the apartment because <span class="f_red">the </span>conditions <span class="f_red">are</span> <span class="sline">were totally</span> good.Or:Because <span class="f_red">some of the conditions are good.</span><span class="f_red"></span>
<p class="correction_comment">I slightly bothered *noun* suggests that you bothered the train noises, whilst I was* means you were bothered from the clamor of from the railway tracks. <br/><br/>"I decided the apartment" means you have come to a decision on the apartment but doesn't necessarily suggests you approved of the apartment but you have come to conclusion and that is the apartment.<br/><br/>The clause: "Because other conditions were totally good" has nothing grammatically incorrect about it although a bit of re-editing and the adverb "totally" is unnecessary. I used the verb "are" instead of were because it shows that the conditions, at present are still good.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">After that, I went shopping while doing sightseeing.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
After that, I went shopping while <span class="sline">doing </span>sightseeing.
<p class="correction_comment">The use of the verb "doing" and the addition of another verb is unnecessary.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I bought items too much before I know it.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I bought <span class="sline">items too much before I know it.</span>I bought too many items before I knew it.
<p class="correction_comment">"Much"- indicates a large amount that is used for quantities that are otherwise uncountable by the regular numbers:1,2,3 etc.<br/> <br/>Here's a link for the proper usage of much and many:<br/>https://www.ego4u.com/en/cram-up/vocabulary/much-many<br/><br/>"Before I know it" reflects that you've bought too many items before you "at the moment" come to a realization of knowing.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I have hardly any money now.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I bought too many items before I knew it and now I have hardly any money.
<p class="correction_comment">Adjoining the sentences with conjunctions or commas, colons and semi colons are necessary for a better concise statement.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I hope you enjoy living on your new apartment on April! And yes it is very unfortunate when we buy too many things without realizing how much money we have left. :/
 <br/>
 <br/>
 Much love &lt;3, and take care!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for the corrections and the kind explanations!<br/>These are very helpful to me :)<br/>Yes, I think I was stupid.<br/>I will be more careful not to buy too much things, hehe.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Yukinekorin</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Preview of My New Apartment </li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today was the National Foundation Day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today was <span class="sline">the </span>National Foundation Day.
<p class="correction_comment">We don't really need to use "the" when referring to a name. As National Foundation Day is a name of a holiday, "the" is not needed.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, I went to Tokyo, and saw an apartment that I will live in from April.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, I went to Tokyo <span class="f_blue">to check out on an</span> apartment that I will <span class="f_blue">be living</span> in from April <span class="f_blue">onward</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">You have not moved in yet, hence "will be" instead of "will".<br/>"Check out" is a better phrase in my opinion, because you are there to see whether the apartment is suitable for you.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although I slightly bothered train noises from railway tracks, I decided the apartment because other conditions were totally good.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although I <span class="f_blue">was </span>slightly bothered <span class="f_blue">by the </span>train noises from <span class="f_blue">nearby </span>railway tracks, I decided <span class="f_blue">on </span>the apartment because <span class="f_blue">the </span>other conditions <span class="f_blue">of the apartment </span>were <span class="f_blue">okay/fine</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">After that, I went shopping while doing sightseeing.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
After that, I went <span class="f_blue">to do some </span>shopping <span class="f_blue">and</span> sightseeing.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I bought items too much before I know it.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Before I realized/knew it, </span>I <span class="f_blue">had </span>bought <span class="f_blue">too many items</span>.<span class="f_blue">Before I knew it, I've overspent.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I have hardly any money now.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I <span class="f_blue">don't have much money</span> now.<span class="f_red">I'm kind of broke now...</span>
<p class="correction_comment">The one is red is more of a figure of speech :) We really say that when we have spent too much.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Haha what did you buy? Is National Foundation Day something like Japan's National Day? :)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post! :)<br/>Hehe, I bought two pairs of shoes and some souvenirs.<br/><br/>&gt; Is National Foundation Day something like Japan's National Day? :)<br/>Yes, National Foundation Day is one of national holidays in Japan.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Yukinekorin</span><br>
It's my pleasure! ^^<br/>Japan is so so much larger than Singapore, so when you go to other places in Japan, you actually buy souvenirs from there huh. Singapore is so small (people call us a little red dot on the world map :P) anywhere we go is somewhat the same lol.<br/><br/>Yes, National Foundation Day is one of national holidays in Japan. --&gt; haha I actually meant if it was Japan's Independence Day ^^
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Yes, in Japan, if you go over a mountain (about 75 percent of the Japanese land is mountainous regions, haha), you can find a little different cultures and customs.<br/>Although Singapore is small, there are a lot of sightseeing spots, so I can buy many souvenirs :D I want to go to Little India next time when I visit Singapore.<br/><br/>&gt; haha I actually meant if it was Japan's Independence Day ^^<br/>Ah, I misunderstood!<br/>Actually, it's not clear when Japan was founded. I heard that we defined this day based on Japanese Mythology
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Yukinekorin</span><br>
Ah, you've come to Singapore before? :D There are indeed several sightseeing spots, and most of them are also historical places of interest! The history behind those places are lesser known, even for Singaporeans (and I think I should repeat,Singapore is so small!) if our schools did not arrange guided tours for us xD <br/><br/>Actually, it's not clear when Japan was founded. I heard that we defined this day based on Japanese Mythology<br/>--&gt; I see! Ah, that is certainly interesting. I have always been interested in Mythology, be it foreign or local. When I have improved my Japanese further, I plan to buy a book on Japanese mythology and try reading it ^^<br/>
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Yes, I've been to NUS to participate in an academic conference :)<br/>The historical places sounds interesting. I might hire a guide, haha.<br/><br/>&gt; When I have improved my Japanese further, I plan to buy a book on Japanese mythology and try reading it ^^<br/>Go for it, I'm proud of you (^-^)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">Nikoniko</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, I went to Tokyo, and saw an apartment that I will live in from April.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, I went to Tokyo, and saw an apartment that I will live in <span class="f_blue">starting </span>from April.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although I slightly bothered train noises from railway tracks, I decided the apartment because other conditions were totally good.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although I <span class="f_blue">was</span> slightly bothered train noises from railway tracks, I decided the apartment <span class="f_blue">was good</span> because <span class="f_blue">I really liked some other things about the apartment.</span> <span class="sline">other conditions were totally good</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">I agree with the other corrections too, but this is just another way to say things :)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Sometimes shopping is fun :)  It's okay to let loose sometimes and then start saving again.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for your corrections! :D<br/>Yes, I will not spend much money for a while!
</div>
</div>
