---
date: 2016-02-16
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Bonuses and Mochi (Rice-Cake) Payments</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Feb 16, 2016 14:37</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Most Japanese companies pay bonuses to workers twice a year, apart from regular salaries.<br/><br/>The average amount of the bonus in Japan is about 1 million yen (8,720 dollars) a year, but it could fluctuate greatly depending on the company.<br/><br/>The bonuses are over 3.5 million yen (30,520 dollars) in leading companies, while they are 0 yen in small enterprises.<br/><br/>As a result of searching about the bonuses in overseas, I found that many countries seem to pay bonuses once a year.<br/><br/>In some countries, companies pay 13 months' salaries, and this extra part seems to correspond to bonuses.<br/><br/>By the way, some Japanese companies pay "mochi payments (rice-cake payments)," in addition to bonuses at the end of the year.<br/><br/>The reason why we call it "mochi payments" is that we often eat mochi during the New Year holidays, but it is just something like "otoshidama(New Year's gift money)."<br/><br/>Although mochi payments are around tens of thousands yen (300-500 dollars) in many cases, the Liberal Democratic Party seems to pay 1 million yen to each assembly member as mochi payments.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
賞与と餅代<br/><br/>多くの日本の企業は、労働者に対して定期給とは別に、賞与を年2回支給します。<br/><br/>賞与の平均額は年間100万円くらいだそうですが、企業によって大きく異なります。<br/><br/>大手企業では350万円以上である一方、中小企業では0円ということもあります。<br/><br/>この賞与について、外国ではどうなのかを調べたところ、1年に1回もらう国が多いようでした。<br/><br/>一部の国では、給与は13回支払われるようで、これがボーナスに相当しているようでした。<br/><br/>ちなみに、日本の一部の企業では賞与の他に「餅代」を年末に支給しています。<br/><br/>日本人は年末年始によくお餅を食べるので、餅代と呼んでいますが、お年玉のようなものです。<br/><br/>多くの場合餅代は数万円程度だそうですが、自民党が出した餅代は100万円だったそうです。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Cebu Jin</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 We only have one bonus here in the Philippines, in the form of the 13th-month pay.
 <br/>
 Instead of mochi, some companies usually give hams to workers so that they have something to put in their table during Christmas eve.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for sharing the information!<br/>It's very interesting that hams are given in the Philippines.<br/>Actually, Japanese also give mainly hams to familiar persons as an oseibo (a year-end gift) in December. I heard we often buy hams using winter bonuses or mochi payments, haha.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Cebu Jin</span><br>
Hello,<br/>Oh I see, so sometimes hams are also given their in Japan.<br/>Well, it's similar here after all <br/>I guess Asian practices are not so much different with each other  ^_^ 
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Yukinekorin</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Bonuses and Mochi (Rice-Cake) Payments</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Most Japanese companies pay bonuses to workers twice a year, apart from regular salaries.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Most Japanese companies pay bonuses to workers twice a year, apart from <span class="f_blue">the</span> regular salaries.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The average amount of the bonus in Japan is about 1 million yen (8,720 dollars) a year, but it could fluctuate greatly depending on the company.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The average amount <span class="f_blue">bonuses</span> in Japan is about 1 million yen (8,720 dollars) a year, but it could <span class="f_blue">vary </span>greatly depending on the company.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The bonuses are over 3.5 million yen (30,520 dollars) in leading companies, while they are 0 yen in small enterprises.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The bonuses are over 3.5 million yen (30,520 dollars) in <span class="f_blue">big </span>companies, while <span class="f_blue">in the smaller enterprises, they might not be any bonus for the workers at all</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As a result of searching about the bonuses in overseas, I found that many countries seem to pay bonuses once a year.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
As a result of <span class="f_blue">researching </span>about the bonuses <span class="f_blue">given to workers</span> in <span class="f_blue">other countries</span>, I found that many countries seem to pay bonuses <span class="f_blue">to their workers every </span>once a year.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In some countries, companies pay 13 months' salaries, and this extra part seems to correspond to bonuses.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In some countries, companies pay 13 months <span class="f_blue">of </span>salaries, and this extra <span class="f_blue">month of salaries </span>seems to correspond to bonuses.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, some Japanese companies pay "mochi payments (rice-cake payments)," in addition to bonuses at the end of the year.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
By the way, some Japanese companies pay "mochi payments (rice-cake payments)<span class="f_blue">" </span>, in addition to bonuses at the end of the year.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The reason why we call it "mochi payments" is that we often eat mochi during the New Year holidays, but it is just something like "otoshidama(New Year's gift money)."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The reason why we call it "mochi payments" is <span class="f_blue">because </span>we often eat mochi during the New Year holidays, but it is just something like "otoshidama (New Year's gift money)."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although mochi payments are around tens of thousands yen (300-500 dollars) in many cases, the Liberal Democratic Party seems to pay 1 million yen to each assembly member as mochi payments.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although mochi payments are around tens of thousands <span class="f_blue">of </span>yen (300-500 dollars)<span class="f_blue">,</span> in many cases, <span class="f_blue">it seems that </span>the Liberal Democratic Party <span class="f_blue">pays</span> 1 million yen to each assembly member as mochi payments.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Ah, interesting! I did not know there is such thing as "mochi payments" in Japan. xD
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post! :)<br/>Actually, I also didn't know it until I was an adult, haha.
</div>
</div>
