---
date: 2016-02-19
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: 0428_graduation-research-presentation
---

# 【No. 0428】Graduation Research Presentation
<div class="date">Feb 19, 2016 18:39</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, the graduation research poster presentation of senior students was held.<br/><br/>Since I have supported some studies of some students, I was also a little bit nervous.<br/><br/>However, they all had done well, so I was relieved.<br/><br/>There were also various interesting studies, the day rolled by quickly.<br/><br/>I was encouraged to do my study more diligently from today.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
卒業研究発表<br/><br/>今日は、4年生の卒業研究発表が行われました。<br/><br/>サポートしてきた後輩たちの発表だったので、私も少し緊張しました。<br/><br/>しかし皆うまくやってくれて、とても良かったです。<br/><br/>他にも面白い研究が幾つかあり、あっという間に一日が過ぎました。<br/><br/>私も来年度から、ますます研究を頑張ろうという気持ちになりました。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Aiumi</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, the graduation research poster presentation of senior students was held.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, the <span class="f_blue">seniors' </span>graduation research poster <span class="f_blue">presentations </span><span class="sline">of senior students</span> <span class="f_blue">were </span>held. <span class="f_red">// The seniors presented their graduation research posters today.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">Just put seniors' in front.<br/>It sounds like they all had different presentations, so use the plural 'presentations' and 'were'.<br/>It is more natural to just use 'present' as a verb, like this: <br/>"The seniors presented their graduation research posters today."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since I have supported some studies of some students, I was also a little bit nervous.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since I <span class="f_blue">supported some </span><span class="f_red">of their studies</span>, I was also a little bit nervous.
<p class="correction_comment">You don't have to say "students", because you just mentioned the seniors in the last sentence. You can just use the pronoun "their" to refer to them</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, they all had done well, so I was relieved.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, they all <span class="f_blue">did</span> well, so I was relieved.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There were also various interesting studies, the day rolled by quickly.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
There were also <span class="f_blue">several</span> interesting studies, <span class="f_blue">so </span>the day rolled by quickly. <span class="f_red"> </span><span class="f_red">// Some of the studies were also quite interesting, </span><span class="f_blue">so the day rolled by quickly.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">"several" or "some" is better than "various" here, because various means "different from one another", and you already provided an adjective (interesting).</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I was encouraged to do my study more diligently from today.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I was encouraged to <span class="sline">do my</span> study more diligently <span class="f_blue">starting</span> today.
<p class="correction_comment">"study" can be used as a verb, so you don't need "do"</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for the corrections and the kind explanations! :)
</div>
</div>
