---
date: 2016-02-20
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: "0429_mysterious-biology-of-giant-panda"
---

# 【No. 0429】Mysterious Biology of Giant Panda
<div class="date">Feb 20, 2016 12:25</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I'd like to tell you about mysterious biology of pandas, especially giant pandas.<br/><br/>It is said that the name "panda" is derived from "bamboo" in Nepali, and as the name indicates, pandas eat mainly bamboos.<br/><br/>However, pandas' digestive organs are ones of carnivorous animals such as bears, so the bamboos are not digested enough.<br/><br/>In addition, since bamboos have less nutritional values, pandas have to eat massive amounts of bamboos to supply energies.<br/><br/>Also, to excrete when the digestion is insufficient is associated with sharp pain, so pandas seem to become limp after the excretion.<br/><br/>For these reasons, pandas spend 55% of the day on their diets, and 40% of the day sleeping.<br/><br/>Although this might sound really bad efficiency, there is an advantage.<br/><br/>Bamboos never wither even if ice age comes again, so pandas can survive while the ice age.<br/><br/>By the way, it's not really know the reason why pandas have white and black pattern hairs, unlike in the case of zebras.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
ジャイアントパンダの不思議な生態<br/><br/>今日はパンダ、特にジャイアントパンダの不思議な生態について話します。<br/><br/>パンダはネパール語の「竹」に由来すると言われており、その名のとおりパンダは主に竹や笹を食べます。<br/><br/>しかしパンダの消化器官は、クマと同様に肉食動物のものであり、竹や笹を食べても十分に消化されないそうです。<br/><br/>そもそも竹や笹は栄養価が低いため、栄養・エネルギー補給のためには食べ続ける必要があります。<br/><br/>また、消化が不十分な状態での排泄はかなりの痛みを伴うため、排泄後パンダは元気がなくなるそうです。<br/><br/>そのため、パンダは一日の55％を食事に費やし、40％を睡眠に使っています。<br/><br/>非常に効率が悪いように見えますが、竹や笹は氷河期でも枯れない植物であり、パンダは氷河期をも飢えを凌ぐことができるそうです。<br/><br/>ちなみに、シマウマと違い、なぜパンダの毛が白黒の模様なのかは分かっていません。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">cgiatrakis</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Mysterious Biology of Giant Panda</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The Mysterious Biology of the Giant Panda
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I'd like to tell you about mysterious biology of pandas, especially giant pandas.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I'd like to tell you about the mysterious biology of pandas, especially giant pandas.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is said that the name "panda" is derived from "bamboo" in Nepali, and as the name indicates, pandas eat mainly bamboos.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is said that the name "panda" is derived from the Nepali word for "bamboo", and as the name indicates, pandas mainly eat bamboo.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, pandas' digestive organs are ones of carnivorous animals such as bears, so the bamboos are not digested enough.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, pandas' digestive organs are similar to the ones of carnivorous animals such as bears, so the bamboo is not digested properly.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In addition, since bamboos have less nutritional values, pandas have to eat massive amounts of bamboos to supply energies.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In addition, bamboo have low nutritional values, so pandas have to eat massive amounts of bamboo to supply their energy needs.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, to excrete when the digestion is insufficient is associated with sharp pain, so pandas seem to become limp after the excretion.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, incomplete digestion is associated with sharp pain, which leads pandas to become limp after they excrete.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">For these reasons, pandas spend 55% of the day on their diets, and 40% of the day sleeping.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
For these reasons, pandas spend 55% of the day fulfilling their dietary needs, and 40% of the day sleeping.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although this might sound really bad efficiency, there is an advantage.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although this may sound bad, there are advantages.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Bamboos never wither even if ice age comes again, so pandas can survive while the ice age.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Bamboos do not wither, even if there was another Ice Age, so pandas can survive through basically everything.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, it's not really know the reason why pandas have white and black pattern hairs, unlike in the case of zebras.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is not really know why pandas have their white and black coat, unlike zebras, where it is known why they have theirs.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! (^^)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">cgiatrakis</span><br>
You're very welcome!!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">gwenjingyi</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In addition, since bamboos have less nutritional values, pandas have to eat massive amounts of bamboos to supply energies.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In addition, bamboos have less nutritional value, and pandas have to eat massive amounts of bamboos to meet their energy needs.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, to excrete when the digestion is insufficient is associated with sharp pain, so pandas seem to become limp after the excretion.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also,to excrete when incomplete digestion caused by sharp pain, so, pandas will become limp after they excrete.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Well done ^^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for the corrections! :D
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is said that the name "panda" is derived from "bamboo" in Nepali, and as the name indicates, pandas eat mainly bamboos.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is said that the name "panda" is derived from Nepal<span class="f_blue">ese word for</span> "bamboo", and as the name indicates, pandas eat mainly bamboo.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although this might sound really bad efficiency, there is an advantage.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although this might sound really bad <span class="f_blue">in terms of</span> efficiency (or: <span class="f_blue">this looks bad in terms of efficiency</span>), there is an advantage.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting! Good to hear that at least somebody will survive the next Ice Age ^^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post! :)<br/>Haha, yes. Some species are tough and die hard.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^
</div>
</div>
