---
date: 2016-02-26
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# The Reason Why Seawater Is Salty
<div class="date">Feb 26, 2016 13:48</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Seawater contains salts, and about one-third of produced salts in the world is made from seawater.<br/><br/>According to the Japanese old tale, since a millstone that continues to produce salts sunk into the sea, the sea water became salty.<br/><br/>However, the true reason is because the seawater was strongly acidic in the ancient times.<br/><br/>The acidic seawater and the acid rain melted rock strata, and mineral seeped into the sea, then the seawater became salt water.<br/><br/>Currently the feed rate of salts is almost commensurate with the removal rate of salts, so the saltiness of the seawater is constant.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
海水が塩辛い理由<br/><br/>海水は塩を含んでいて、世界で生産されている塩の約1/3は海水から作られます。<br/><br/>日本昔話では、塩が出続ける石臼が海に沈んだため、海水が塩辛いと語っています。<br/><br/>しかし本当の理由は、太古の昔は海が強い酸性だったためです。<br/><br/>酸性の海や酸性雨が岩盤を溶かし、ミネラルが溶け出して塩水となったそうです。<br/><br/>現在は塩が供給される速度と除去される速度がほぼ釣り合っているので、一定の塩辛さになっています。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Seralt</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The Reason Why Seawater Is Salty</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Seawater contains salts, and about one-third of produced salts in the world is made from seawater.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Seawater contains <span class="f_blue">salt</span>, and about one-third of produced <span class="f_blue">salt</span> in the world is made from seawater.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to the Japanese old tale, since a millstone that continues to produce salts sunk into the sea, the sea water became salty.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to <span class="f_blue">Japanese folklore</span>, since a millstone that continues to produce salts sunk into the sea, the sea water became salty.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, the true reason is because the seawater was strongly acidic in the ancient times.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, the true reason is because the seawater was strongly acidic in <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">the</span></span> ancient times.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The acidic seawater and the acid rain melted rock strata, and mineral seeped into the sea, then the seawater became salt water.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The acidic seawater and the acid rain melted rock strata, <span class="f_blue">whose</span> mineral<span class="f_red">s</span> seeped into the sea, <span class="f_blue">turning</span> the seawater salty.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Currently the feed rate of salts is almost commensurate with the removal rate of salts, so the saltiness of the seawater is constant.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Fascinating!
 <br/>
 <br/>
 I remember learning in Chemistry class, that in the 1980s or earlier, chemists used to test whether a substance was acidic or basic by tasting it, for whether it was sour or bitter. Obviously, that was a very dangerous practice that has now been replaced.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 Is that a world average, or the seas in/around Japan? Because I also remember hearing that the Dead Sea (Israel) is becoming less saline over time, because its extraction rate exceeds its feed rate. (This may be old news that has since been rectified.)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post!<br/><br/>&gt; chemists used to test whether a substance was acidic or basic by tasting it, for whether it was sour or bitter.<br/>That's interesting fact, but indeed it was danger!<br/><br/>&gt; Is that a world average, or the seas in/around Japan? Because I also remember hearing that the Dead Sea (Israel) is becoming less saline over time, because its extraction rate exceeds its feed rate. (This may be old news that has since been rectified.)<br/>I heard it is a world average, but I also heard the salt density has continued to increase quite slightly. Also, the increase speed of the salt density in the Dead Sea might be larger than others.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">デクラン</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Seawater contains salts, and about one-third of produced salts in the world is made from seawater.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Seawater contains salts, and about one-third of <span class="f_blue">salt produced</span> in the world is made from seawater.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to the Japanese old tale, since a millstone that continues to produce salts sunk into the sea, the sea water became salty.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to <span class="f_blue">an</span> Japanese old tale, <span class="sline">since</span> a millstone that continues to produce salts sunk into the sea, <span class="f_blue">and </span>the sea water became salty.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, the true reason is because the seawater was strongly acidic in the ancient times.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, the true reason is because the seawater was strongly acidic in <span class="sline">the</span> ancient times.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The acidic seawater and the acid rain melted rock strata, and mineral seeped into the sea, then the seawater became salt water.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The acidic seawater and the acid rain melted rock strata, and mineral<span class="f_blue">s</span> seeped into the sea, then the seawater became salt water.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Currently the feed rate of salts is almost commensurate with the removal rate of salts, so the saltiness of the seawater is constant.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 ^_^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! (^^)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to the Japanese old tale, since a millstone that continues to produce salts sunk into the sea, the sea water became salty.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to Japanese folklore, <span class="f_blue">at the bottom of</span> the sea <span class="f_blue">there is a magic</span> <span class="f_blue">salt grinding </span>millstone <span class="f_blue">that makes</span> the water salty.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting! Almost everything has a scientific explanation.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post! :)<br/>Yes, and I think it's amazing we can understand events that happened hundreds of millions of years ago.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^<br/><br/>&gt;Yes, and I think it's amazing we can understand events that happened hundreds of millions &gt;of years ago.<br/><br/>That's true.
</div>
</div>
