---
date: 2016-02-29
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Leap Year</h1>
<div class="date">Feb 29, 2016 12:54</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, February 29th is a leap year.<br/><br/>I can write this sentence only once every four years.<br/><br/>I'll do my best so that I write "today is a leap year" on Lang-8 again.<br/><br/>The leap year has been established to correct deviations of the calendar, because one year is not 365 days, but about 365.2422 days.<br/><br/>In addition, in the Gregorian calendar, there are two other rules to correct subtle deviations due to leap years; if the year is divided by 100 then it's regarded as a common year, but if the year is divided by 400 then it's regarded as a leap year.<br/><br/>On the other hand, in the modified Julian calendar, if the year is divided by 100 then it's regarded as a common year, but if the remainder of the year when divided by 900 is 200 or 600 then the year is regarded as a leap year.<br/><br/>Both of them are very accurate calculation methods of the calendar, but the modified Julian calendar is more accurate.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
閏年<br/><br/>今日、2月29日は閏年です。<br/><br/>この文章は、4年に1度しか言うことができません。<br/><br/>再び「今日は閏年です」とLang-8に書けることができるよう、頑張ります。<br/><br/>閏年は、1年が365日ではなく約365.2422日であるため、このずれを修正するために設けられています。<br/><br/>更に、グレゴリオ暦では閏年による微妙なずれも修正するため、西暦が100で割り切れたら平年、ただし400で割り切れたら閏年という規則を採用しています。<br/><br/>一方、修正ユリウス暦では、西暦が100で割り切れたら平年、西暦を900で割った余りが200または600であれば閏年としています。<br/><br/>どちらも高精度な暦の計算法ですが、修正ユリウス暦のほうがより正確です。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Ben</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, February 29th is a leap year.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, February 29th<span class="f_red">, </span>is a leap <span class="sline">year</span> <span class="f_red">day</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">2016 is a leap year, today is a "leap day"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I'll do my best so that I write "today is a leap year" on Lang-8 again.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I'll do my best so that I write "today is a leap <span class="sline">year</span> <span class="f_red">day</span>" on Lang-8 again.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The leap year has been established to correct deviations of the calendar, because one year is not 365 days, but about 365.2422 days.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The leap year has been established to correct <span class="f_blue">the </span><span class="sline">deviations</span> <span class="f_red">imperfection </span>of the <span class="f_blue">solar</span> calendar, because one year is not 365 days, but about 365.2422 days.<span class="f_blue">or</span>The leap year has been established to correct <span class="f_blue">the</span> deviation<span class="f_red"> </span>of the <span class="f_blue">solar </span>calendar <span class="f_blue">from the actual time it takes for the earth to revolve around the sun</span>, because one year is not 365 days, but about 365.2422 days.
<p class="correction_comment">Better to express what the calendar is deviating from</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In addition, in the Gregorian calendar, there are two other rules to correct subtle deviations due to leap years; if the year is divided by 100 then it's regarded as a common year, but if the year is divided by 400 then it's regarded as a leap year.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In addition, in the Gregorian calendar, there are two other rules to correct subtle deviations <span class="sline">due</span> <span class="f_blue">which result in </span><span class="sline">to</span> leap years; if the year is <span class="sline">divided</span> <span class="f_red">divisible </span>by 100 then it's regarded as a common year, but if the year is <span class="sline">divided</span> <span class="f_red">divisible</span> by 400 then it's regarded as a leap year.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">On the other hand, in the modified Julian calendar, if the year is divided by 100 then it's regarded as a common year, but if the remainder of the year when divided by 900 is 200 or 600 then the year is regarded as a leap year.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
On the other hand, in the modified Julian calendar, if the year is <span class="sline">divided</span> <span class="f_red">divisible</span> by 100 then it's regarded as a common year, but if the remainder of the year when divided by 900 is 200 or 600 then the year is regarded as a leap year.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Both of them are very accurate calculation methods of the calendar, but the modified Julian calendar is more accurate.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Both of them are <span class="sline">very</span> accurate <span class="sline">calculation methods of the</span> calendar<span class="f_red">s</span>, but the modified Julian calendar is more accurate.<span class="f_blue">or</span>Both of them are <span class="sline">very</span> accurate <span class="sline">calculation</span> methods of <span class="sline">the</span> <span class="sline">calendar </span><span class="f_blue">measuring a solar year</span>, but the modified Julian calendar is more accurate.<span class="f_blue">or</span>Both of them are <span class="sline">very</span> accurate <span class="sline">calculation methods of the</span> calendar<span class="f_red">s</span>, but the modified Julian calendar is more accurate.<span class="f_blue"></span>
<p class="correction_comment">When you say "both of them are accurate calculation methods of the calendar" it seems like you are saying "both calendars accurate methods of calculating the calendar" which is redundant.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for the corrections and the kind explanations! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Yukinekorin</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Leap Year</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I can write this sentence only once every four years.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I'll do my best so that I write "today is a leap year" on Lang-8 again.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I'll do my best so that I <span class="f_blue">can </span>write "<span class="f_blue">T</span>oday is a leap <span class="f_blue">day</span>" on Lang-8 again.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Hi Kanotown!! ^^
 <br/>
 <br/>
 Good job and interesting post as always. I have always been fascinated that February 29th only occurs once every 4 years. It is kind of sad that one of cousin's birthday falls on the 29th of February...
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post, Yukinekorin-san (^^)<br/>&gt; It is kind of sad that one of cousin's birthday falls on the 29th of February...<br/>It might be a little sad indeed, but I think it's also amazing :)<br/>By the way, the birthday of people who fall on February 29th seems to be regarded February 28th under Japanese law.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Yukinekorin</span><br>
Oh that's good for them! Maybe my cousin celebrated her birthday on the 28th every year too xD
</div>
</div>
