---
date: 2016-03-05
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0443_nikujaga
---

# 【No. 0443】<strong><em>Nikujaga</strong></em> (simmered meat and potatoes)
<div class="date">Mar 5, 2016 16:11</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I will talk about "nikujaga," which is a familiar simmered dish in Japan.<br/><br/>The ingredients of the nikujaga is meat, potatoes, onions and konjac, and the cooking procedure is divided into two steps: fry the ingredients, and simmer them with soy sauce, sugar, and mirin (which is an alcoholic condiment).<br/><br/>It is easy to cook the nikujaga, so we often refer it as "a taste of mother's home cooking."<br/><br/>However, it is said that we actually made the nikujaga by imitating a beef stew.<br/><br/>In 1870s, a Japanese, Heihachiro Togo was studying in the UK, and he liked the beef stew, then he tried to make someone to cook it in Japan.<br/><br/>However, there were no wine and a demi-glace sauce in Japan.<br/><br/>For the reason, we tried to cook the beef stew using soy sauce and sugar, as a result, the nikujaga seemed to be made.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
肉じゃが<br/><br/>今日は日本でお馴染みの煮込み料理、「肉じゃが」を紹介します。<br/><br/>肉じゃがは肉、じゃがいも、玉ねぎ、糸こんにゃくなどを炒めてから、醤油、砂糖、みりんで甘煮にしたものです。<br/><br/>簡単にできることから多くの家庭で調理され、よく「おふくろの味」の定番メニューとして挙げられます。<br/><br/>しかし、実はこの肉じゃが、ビーフシチューを真似て作ったものだと言われています。<br/><br/>1870年代、日本人の東郷平八郎がイギリスに留学した際に食べたビーフシチューの味を気に入り、日本でも作らせようとしました。<br/><br/>ところが、日本にはワインもデミグラスソースもありませんでした。<br/><br/>そこで、醤油と砂糖を使って作り、肉じゃがが生まれたそうです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">:3</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will talk about "nikujaga," which is a familiar simmered dish in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The ingredients of the nikujaga is meat, potatoes, onions and konjac, and the cooking procedure is divided into two steps: fry the ingredients, and simmer them with soy sauce, sugar, and mirin (which is an alcoholic condiment).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The ingredients of <span class="sline">the</span> nikujaga is meat, potatoes, onions and konjac, and the cooking procedure is divided into two steps: fry the ingredients, and simmer them with soy sauce, sugar, and mirin (which is an alcoholic condiment).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is easy to cook the nikujaga, so we often refer it as "a taste of mother's home cooking."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is easy to cook <span class="sline">the</span> nikujaga, so we often refer it as "a taste of mother's home cooking."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, it is said that we actually made the nikujaga by imitating a beef stew.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, it is said that we actually <span class="f_blue">created</span> <span class="sline">the</span> nikujaga by imitating <span class="sline">a</span> beef stew.
<p class="correction_comment">"Made" is OK too, though it has a feeling more of "made multiple times", while created is good for talking like "created for the first time"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In 1870s, a Japanese, Heihachiro Togo was studying in the UK, and he liked the beef stew, then he tried to make someone to cook it in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In 1870s, a Japanese <span class="f_blue">citizen</span>, Heihachiro Togo was studying in the UK, and he liked the beef stew <span class="f_blue">there</span>, then he tried to make someone <span class="sline">to</span> cook it in Japan.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, there were no wine and a demi-glace sauce in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, there <span class="f_blue">was</span> no wine and <span class="sline">a</span> demi-glace sauce in Japan.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">For the reason, we tried to cook the beef stew using soy sauce and sugar, as a result, the nikujaga seemed to be made.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
For <span class="f_blue">that</span> reason, we tried to cook <span class="sline">the</span> beef stew using soy sauce and sugar, as a result, <span class="sline">the</span> nikujaga <span class="sline">seemed to be</span> <span class="f_blue">was created</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 That's really cool to know! Great writing too, it's nearly completely perfect! :D
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/>I'm glad to hear you say that :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">thethinker83</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The ingredients of the nikujaga is meat, potatoes, onions and konjac, and the cooking procedure is divided into two steps: fry the ingredients, and simmer them with soy sauce, sugar, and mirin (which is an alcoholic condiment).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The ingredients of <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">the</span></span> nikujaga <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">is</span></span> <span class="f_blue">are </span>meat, potatoes, onions and konjac, and the cooking procedure is divided into two steps: fry the ingredients, and simmer them with soy sauce, sugar, and mirin (which is an alcoholic condiment).
<p class="correction_comment">subject-verb agreement: "ingredients" is plural, so you need to use "are", not "is".</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for the correction! (^^)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">kou</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 good sentences :-)
 <br/>
 good job :-)
</p>

</div></div>
