---
date: 2016-03-16
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0454_gas-fees-in-japan
---

# 【No. 0454】Gas Fees in Japan
<div class="date">Mar 16, 2016 12:28</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Gases are used in many Japanese lives.<br/><br/>The gases are divided into two major categories; city gas and propane gas.<br/><br/>The city gas consists primarily of methane, and it is supplied through gas pipes.<br/><br/>On the other hand, the propane gas consists mainly butane or propane, and it is supplied from gas cylinders that are installed outdoors.<br/><br/>The propane gas has some advantages, such as the strength of firepower and the adaptability in times of disaster, but it is very expensive instead.<br/><br/>I think the propane gas costs more than double for the city gas in most cases.<br/><br/>If you are looking for your apartment in Japan, please consider which to choose the city gas or the propane gas.<br/><br/>If the apartment is all-electric type, there is no need to worry about the gas.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
日本のガス料金<br/><br/>日本で生活するとき、多くの場合ガスが利用されます。<br/><br/>そして、ガスの種類は都市ガスとプロパンガスに大別されます。<br/><br/>都市ガスはメタンを主成分としており、ガス管を通して供給されます。<br/><br/>一方、プロパンガスはブタンやプロパンを主成分としており、屋外に設置したボンベから供給されます。<br/><br/>プロパンガスは火力が強いことと、災害時にも強いというメリットを持ちますが、その分値段がとても高いです。<br/><br/>ほとんどの場合、プロパンガスの料金は都市ガスの料金の2倍以上すると思います。<br/><br/>もし日本で住む場所を探す場合は、プロパンガスか都市ガスなのかに気をつけることをおすすめします。<br/><br/>もしそれがオール電化であれば、ガスのことを気にする必要はありません。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Seralt</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Gases are used in many Japanese lives.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red">Gas</span> <span class="f_red">is</span> used <span class="f_blue">regularly </span>in <span class="f_blue">Japan</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The gases are divided into two major categories; city gas and propane gas.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The <span class="f_red">gas is </span>divided into two major categories<span class="f_bold"><span class="f_red">:</span></span> city gas and propane gas.
<p class="correction_comment">「:」 introduces a list.<br/>「;」links two equivalent clauses. (rarely used, and often literary)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The city gas consists primarily of methane, and it is supplied through gas pipes.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The city gas <span class="f_blue">primarily </span>consists of methane, and it is supplied through gas pipes.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">On the other hand, the propane gas consists mainly butane or propane, and it is supplied from gas cylinders that are installed outdoors.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
On the other hand, the propane gas <span class="f_blue">mainly </span>consists <span class="f_red">of </span>butane or propane, and it is supplied from gas cylinders that are installed outdoors.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The propane gas has some advantages, such as the strength of firepower and the adaptability in times of disaster, but it is very expensive instead.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red">P</span>ropane gas has some advantages, such as the strength of firepower and the adaptability in times of disaster, but <span class="f_red">conversely/in return/on the other hand</span> it is very expensive <span class="f_blue"><span class="sline">instead</span></span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think the propane gas costs more than double for the city gas in most cases.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I think <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">the</span></span> propane gas costs more than double for <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">the</span></span> city gas in most cases.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If you are looking for your apartment in Japan, please consider which to choose the city gas or the propane gas.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
If you are looking for <span class="f_red">an</span> apartment in Japan, please consider <span class="f_red">whether</span> to choose city gas or propane gas.
<p class="correction_comment">"looking for your apartment" =&gt; the reader already owns an apartment in Japan.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If the apartment is all-electric type, there is no need to worry about the gas.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
If the apartment is all-electric type, there is no need to worry about <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">the</span></span> gas.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I have a feeling I'm on city gas, though I hate that there's such a long delay between turning on the faucet, and having hot water run. T_T
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>Indeed, it might be disgusting if hot water run slowly. In addition, maybe you have to waste cold water until hot water comes out. (お湯が出るまでの間、冷たい水がもったいないですね。)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Seralt</span><br>
I definitely worry about that wasted cold water... T_T<br/>In North America, we have furnaces installed in each house/apartment, so that a reserve of water is always heated. (That's why you'll often see characters in sitcoms, who complain about a roommate using up all the hot water.) I'm not sure which is better (immediate-but-finite hot water, or infinite-but-time-delayed hot water), but since I live alone, the furnace-style would suit me better. :P
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for letting me know the interesting information!<br/>I didn't know furnaces, but they sound very useful and cool :)<br/><br/>We usually use only air conditioners as heating appliances. I think the reason is because winters in Japan is not cold so much.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Gases are used in many Japanese lives.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Gas is used in many Japanese <span class="f_blue">households</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think the propane gas costs more than double for the city gas in most cases.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I think propane gas costs more than double <span class="f_blue">of</span> <span class="f_blue">what </span>city gas <span class="f_blue">does</span> in most cases.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting! Luckily winters in Japan are mild and short. Or that is what I have heard^^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post!<br/>Yes, Japanese winters are short (about three months), but I feel that winters in northern Japan are very cold. However, I think winters in Russia are much more severe, haha.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^<br/><br/>&gt;However, I think winters in Russia are much more severe, haha.<br/><br/>Yeah that's true, especially in the northern parts of the country.
</div>
</div>
