---
date: 2016-03-28
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Right and Left [Part1]</h1>
<div class="date">Mar 28, 2016 18:00</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I will talk about "right" and "left."<br/><br/>Worldwide, it's thought that "right" is better and more canonical than "left" in many cases.<br/><br/>In fact, "right" has the meaning of something like "correct," and the right-hand side of the first place is the second place in a podium.<br/><br/>On the other hand, "left" has sometimes negative meanings, for example, "left-handed" contains the meaning of "awkward."<br/><br/>In addition, in Hinduism and Islam, a right hand is a sacred hand to eat meals, and a left hand is an impure hand to clean your bottoms.<br/><br/>However, Japanese people often think that "left" is superior to "right."<br/><br/>In our diets, we place staple food and main dish on left-side.<br/><br/>In our politics, the rank of Sadaijin (minister of the left) is higher than the rank of Udaijin (minister of the right).<br/><br/>(Since this post will be too long, I will write the rest part tomorrow.)
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
右と左 [パート1]<br/><br/>今日は、右と左について話します。<br/><br/>世界的には、右のほうが優れている、正統であるといった見方がされることが多いです。<br/><br/>実際、右（Right）は正しいという意味を持ち、表彰台でも一位の右手側が二位です。<br/><br/>一方、左はleft-handed（不便な）のように、マイナスの意味を持ちます。<br/><br/>また、ヒンドゥー教やイスラム教では右手は食事をする清浄な手で、左手はお尻を洗う不浄の手です。<br/><br/>しかし、日本では左が優位とされることが多いです。<br/><br/>食事においては、左側に主食や主菜など、重要なものを起きます。<br/><br/>左大臣は右大臣よりも位が高いです。<br/><br/>（長くなってしまったので、次回の投稿に続きます。）
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Wcb</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will talk about "right" and "left."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I will talk about "right" and "left."
<p class="correction_comment">This is fine, but I don't think the quotation marks are necessary. The same applies throughout.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In fact, "right" has the meaning of something like "correct," and the right-hand side of the first place is the second place in a podium.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In fact, "right"<span class="f_blue"> means </span>something like "correct," and the right-hand side of the first place is the second place <span class="f_blue">on </span>a podium.
<p class="correction_comment">This is OK. A perhaps more natural way to say it would be "...and, on an award podium, first place is center, and second place is to the right."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">On the other hand, "left" has sometimes negative meanings, for example, "left-handed" contains the meaning of "awkward."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">At the same time</span>, "left" <span class="f_blue">sometimes has </span>negative meanings<span class="f_blue">. Fo</span>r example, "left-handed" <span class="f_blue">can contain</span> the meaning of "awkward."
<p class="correction_comment">"On the other hand" isn't wrong, but it feels a little unnatural in this case to me. Maybe others would disagree, though.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In addition, in Hinduism and Islam, a right hand is a sacred hand to eat meals, and a left hand is an impure hand to clean your bottoms.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In addition, in Hinduism and Islam, <span class="f_blue">the</span> right hand is a sacred hand <span class="f_blue">for eating</span> meals, and <span class="f_blue">the</span> left hand is an impure hand <span class="f_blue">for cleaning</span> your <span class="f_blue">bottom.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In our diets, we place staple food and main dish on left-side.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In our <span class="f_blue">place settings</span>, we place <span class="f_blue">the most important foods</span> and <span class="f_blue">main dishes</span> on <span class="f_blue">the</span> left-side.
<p class="correction_comment">"staple food" sounds like an important part of your day-to-day diet over time, not really something you think about in the moment, at the table.<br/>You might already know, but "place setting" means the arrangement of dishes and utensils at a table for eating.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">(Since this post will be too long, I will write the rest part tomorrow.)</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
(Since this post will be too long, I will write the <span class="f_blue">rest tom</span>orrow.)
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Oh, interesting! I'd never thought about that before.
 <br/>
 Also, (and maybe you were going to write about this tomorrow) "sinister" in English usually means something like "evil," but can also mean "left."
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for the corrections and your kind explanations!<br/>Also, thank you for letting me know the interesting information! I didn't know that :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">brianhicks</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Worldwide, it's thought that "right" is better and more canonical than "left" in many cases.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Worldwide, it's thought that "right" is <span class="f_blue">superior to</span> "left" in many cases.
<p class="correction_comment">"canonical" is more about correctness than superiority. I'd suggest "superior" instead. :)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In fact, "right" has the meaning of something like "correct," and the right-hand side of the first place is the second place in a podium.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In fact, "right" has the meaning of something like "correct," and the right-hand side of the first place is the second place in a podium.
<p class="correction_comment">These are two separate points, and would probably make more sense as separate sentences.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">On the other hand, "left" has sometimes negative meanings, for example, "left-handed" contains the meaning of "awkward."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
On the other hand, "left" has sometimes negative meanings, for example, "left-handed" <span class="f_blue">can mean</span> "awkward."
<p class="correction_comment">In addition to Wcb's corrections. :)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, Japanese people often think that "left" is superior to "right."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In our politics, the rank of Sadaijin (minister of the left) is higher than the rank of Udaijin (minister of the right).</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 There's also the French "gauche" for left, implying social awkwardness.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post and letting me know the interesting information!<br/>I learned something new :D
</div>
</div>
