---
date: 2016-04-03
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0472_yunomi
---

# 【No. 0472】<strong><em>Yunomi</strong></em> (a tea bowl)
<div class="date">Apr 3, 2016 17:07</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I will talk about a "yunomi," which is one of Japanese tableware.<br/><br/>"Yu" in "yunomi" means "hot water," and "nomi" in "yunomi" means "to drink."<br/><br/>As its name suggests, the "yunomi" is a cup bowl to drink hot water or tea.<br/><br/>In most cases, yunomis are made of potteries, and there are no handles that tea cups have.<br/><br/>The reason is to make sure whether or not the temperature of drink is suitable for drinking by your hand.<br/><br/>Since the most delicious temperature of Japanese green tea is about from 60 to 80 Celsius degrees, if you can't hold the yunomi, it expresses that the drink is too hot.<br/><br/>Also, there is another reason that you can enjoy the feel of the pottery by your hand.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
湯のみ<br/><br/>今日は、日本の食器の一つである、「湯のみ」を紹介します。<br/><br/>湯のみはその名の通り、お湯やお茶を飲むための器です。<br/><br/>陶磁器で作られていることが多く、ティーカップのような取っ手は付いていません。<br/><br/>取っ手がない理由は、飲むのに適した温度かどうかを手で確認するためです。<br/><br/>日本茶は60℃から80℃が最も美味しいとされ、湯のみを手で持つことができない場合、それは適温ではないことを意味します。<br/><br/>また、手で陶磁器の感触を楽しむ目的もあります。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name"></span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yunomi (a tea bowl)</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will talk about a "yunomi," which is one of Japanese tableware.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I will talk about "yunomi", which is a type of Japanese tableware.
<p class="correction_comment">, should go outside of quotation marks</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Yu" in "yunomi" means "hot water," and "nomi" in "yunomi" means "to drink."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The "yu" in "yunomi" means "hot water", and the "nomi" means "to drink."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As its name suggests, the "yunomi" is a cup bowl to drink hot water or tea.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
As its name suggests, the yunomi is a cup bowl used to drink hot water or tea.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In most cases, yunomis are made of potteries, and there are no handles that tea cups have.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In most cases, yunomi are made of pottery, and do not have handles like tea cups.
<p class="correction_comment">Singular form for pottery. i.e. "Houses are made out of brick"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The reason is to make sure whether or not the temperature of drink is suitable for drinking by your hand.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This is so you can find out whether or not the temperature of the liquid is suitable for drinking.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since the most delicious temperature of Japanese green tea is about from 60 to 80 Celsius degrees, if you can't hold the yunomi, it expresses that the drink is too hot.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since the most delicious temperature of Japanese green tea is from 60 to 80 degrees Celsius, if you can't hold the yunomi, then it means that the drink is too hot.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, there is another reason that you can enjoy the feel of the pottery by your hand.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, another reason is so you can enjoy the feeling of the pottery on your hands.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting read! thanks
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! (^^)
</div>
</div>
