---
date: 2016-04-06
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0475_effects-of-a-kiss
---

# 【No. 0475】Effects of a Kiss
<div class="date">Apr 6, 2016 21:47</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
A kiss has various health effects.<br/><br/>According to the German study, husband and wife who kiss each other every morning live an average of 5 years longer than couples who don't.<br/><br/>In addition, couples who kiss every day earn 1.2-1.3 times as much as others.<br/><br/>Also, according to the large-scale survey against 30 countries, Indian married couples seem to kiss most frequently, and the number of kisses is 17.8 times per day.<br/><br/>The second place is Germany, the number is 11.4 times, and the third place is Sweden, the number is 8.8 times.<br/><br/>By the way, the worst country is Japan, and the number is 0.5 times per day.<br/><br/>I'm interested in whether or not life expectancy of Japanese would also increase if we became to kiss frequently.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
キスの効果<br/><br/>キスにはさまざまな健康上の効果があります。<br/><br/>ドイツの研究によると、キスを毎朝する夫婦は、しない夫婦と比べて5年長生きするそうです。<br/><br/>また、毎朝キスをするカップルは月額の収入が20～30%高いそうです。<br/><br/>そして、30ヶ国に対して行われた大規模アンケート調査によると、1日あたりの夫婦のキス回数が最も多い国は、インドで17.8回でした。<br/><br/>二位はドイツで11.4回、三位はスウェーデンで8.8回だそうです。<br/><br/>そして日本は最下位で、0.5回でした。<br/><br/>日本人は長寿国ですが、キスをする人が増えれば寿命も伸びるのか、興味深いです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Kwang Ming (クアン　ミン）</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">A kiss has various health effects.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
A kiss has various health <span class="f_blue">benefits</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">Since it's all positive, I would consider them benefits.<br/><br/>Benefits = something good</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to the German study, husband and wife who kiss each other every morning live an average of 5 years longer than couples who don't.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to <span class="f_blue">a </span>German study, <span class="f_blue">couples</span> who kiss each other every morning live an average of 5 years longer than <span class="f_blue">those </span>who don't.
<p class="correction_comment">It's not by an sense an exceptional study so we usually refer to it with the article 'a'.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In addition, couples who kiss every day earn 1.2-1.3 times as much as others.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In addition, couples who kiss <span class="f_blue">everyday </span>earn 1.2 - 1.3 <span class="f_blue">times more.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">Going by your last sentence, 'as others' is fully understood.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, according to the large-scale survey against 30 countries, Indian married couples seem to kiss most frequently, and the number of kisses is 17.8 times per day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, according to <span class="f_blue">a </span>large-scale survey <span class="f_blue">of </span>30 countries, <span class="f_blue">married Indian</span> couples seem to kiss most frequently<span class="f_blue"> with their number of kisses averaging about</span>17.8 times per day.
<p class="correction_comment">As usual, the article 'a' is used since it's not a study that stands out distinctively.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The second place is Germany, the number is 11.4 times, and the third place is Sweden, the number is 8.8 times.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Germany comes in second at 11.4 times, with Sweden occupying the third place at 8.8 times.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">Same meaning, much fewer words.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, the worst country is Japan, and the number is 0.5 times per day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
By the way, the worst country is Japan <span class="f_blue">at 0.5 times per day.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I'm interested in whether or not life expectancy of Japanese would also increase if we became to kiss frequently.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I'm <span class="f_blue">curious if Japanese life expectancy</span> would<span class="f_blue"> also increase if we kiss frequently.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">As above, it's best to convey what you want to say with fewer words.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting! The science of kissing has had some substantial research. I've read some literature on it but nothing too technical. I could be wrong but I think the correlation between kissing and life expectancy isn't very clear, and doesn't account for many other possible factors.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 However, deliberate acts of love and kindness (kissing, deep &amp; meaningful communication etc) towards our spouse can greatly increase marriage satisfaction. In general, happy people live longer, and kissing is a powerful way of reminding your spouse how much you really love and value their presence.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for the corrections and your kind explanations! :)<br/>Indeed, these studies that I read weren't also too technical. And I also think that people who know really love are happy and live longer. I'd like to be included in them in the near future, haha.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Kwang Ming (クアン　ミン）</span><br>
All the best to that =)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, the worst country is Japan, and the number is 0.5 times per day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
By the way, Japan <span class="f_blue">has</span> the worst <span class="f_blue">result</span>, <span class="f_blue">with</span> <span class="f_blue">only</span> 0.5 times per day.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I wonder if air kissing is also good for your health.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post!<br/>It's interesting. If so, I'd like to spread air-kissing someday in Japan. 
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">メラメラ丸</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 キス魔と結婚したら、150歳まで生きられるような気がします(*ﾟ0ﾟ)ﾊｯ
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
はは、二人ともキス魔だったらすごいことになりそうですね（笑）
</div>
</div>
