---
date: 2016-04-08
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: "0477_kitsune-no-yomeiri"
---

# 【No. 0477】<strong><em>Kitsune-no-yomeiri</strong></em> (Fox Wedding)
<div class="date">Apr 8, 2016 16:11</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Yesterday, I introduced the phrase "kitsune-no-yomeiri (fox's wedding)," which means a rain when the sun is shining.<br/><br/>Today, I will talk about this phrase.<br/><br/>Originally, the "kitsune-no-yomeiri" expresses a weird traditional event in Japan.<br/><br/>In this event, we visit a mountain and make a lantern procession in the night.<br/><br/>Since this scene looks like a Japanese traditional wedding by foxes, we call it "kitsune-no-yomeiri (fox's wedding)."<br/><br/>Also, since a rain when the sun is shining is weird as with the fox's wedding, we call the rain "kitsune-no-yomeiri" too.<br/><br/>I heard that some regions in several countries such as the UK and Brazil also refer the rain as "fox's wedding."<br/><br/>By the way, other countries often refer the rain using other animals.<br/><br/>For example, it's called "monkey's wedding" in Africa, and "mouse's wedding" in Arab countries.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
狐の嫁入り<br/><br/>昨日は、晴れているのに降る雨を意味する「狐の嫁入り」という言葉を紹介しました。<br/><br/>今日は、この言葉の語源について話します。<br/><br/>「狐の嫁入り」は元々、日本の風変わりな伝統行事を表す言葉です。<br/><br/>この行事では、夜間に山間部で提灯行列を作ります。<br/><br/>この様子を狐の結婚式に例えて、「狐の嫁入り」と読んでいます。<br/><br/>そして、晴れているのに雨が降ることを「狐の嫁入り」の妖しさに例えて、そのように呼んでいます。<br/><br/>イギリスやブラジルなどでも、一部の地域で「fox wedding」と呼んでいるそうです。<br/><br/>ちなみに、アフリカでは「猿の結婚式」、アラブでは「ネズミの嫁入り」など、動物を使って表現されることが多いようです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Ntakasat</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, I introduced the phrase "kitsune-no-yomeiri (fox's wedding)," which means a rain when the sun is shining.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Yesterday, I introduced the phrase "kitsune-no-yomeiri (fox's wedding)", which means it's raining while the sun is shining.
<p class="correction_comment">It sounds more natural to say "Which means it's raining while the sun is shining"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will talk about this phrase.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Originally, the "kitsune-no-yomeiri" expresses a weird traditional event in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Originally, the "kitsune-no-yomeiri" expressed a weird traditional event in Japan.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In this event, we visit a mountain and make a lantern procession in the night.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In this event, we visit a mountain in a lantern procession at night.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since this scene looks like a Japanese traditional wedding by foxes, we call it "kitsune-no-yomeiri (fox's wedding)."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since this scene looks like a Japanese traditional fox wedding, we call it "kitsune-no-yomeiri (fox's wedding)."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, since a rain when the sun is shining is weird as with the fox's wedding, we call the rain "kitsune-no-yomeiri" too.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, since rain when the sun is shining is a strange event, much like the fox's wedding, we call the rain "kitsune-no-yomeiri" too.
<p class="correction_comment">This correction sounds a bit more natural as well.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I heard that some regions in several countries such as the UK and Brazil also refer the rain as "fox's wedding."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I heard that some regions in several countries such as the UK and Brazil also refer the rain as "fox's wedding".
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, other countries often refer the rain using other animals.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
By the way, other countries often refer to the rain using other animals.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Very interesting! I'm going to do more research on this phrase and add it to my 日本語の単語
 <br/>
 Thank-you for writing articles on Japan! Good job!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>I'm glad to hear you say that (^^)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Originally, the "kitsune-no-yomeiri" expresses a weird traditional event in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Originally, the "kitsune-no-yomeiri" expresses a weird (or: <span class="f_blue">quirky </span>or: <span class="f_blue">quaint</span>) traditional event in Japan.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, since a rain when the sun is shining is weird as with the fox's wedding, we call the rain "kitsune-no-yomeiri" too.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, since a rain when the sun is shining (or: <span class="f_blue">sun shower</span>/<span class="f_blue">sunshower</span>) is a<span class="f_blue">n</span> <span class="f_blue">unusual occurrence</span> much like the fox's wedding, we call the rain "kitsune-no-yomeiri" too.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting! Btw, in Eastern Europe sunshower is often called "mushroom rain".
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post!<br/>Oh, I didn't know that, thank you for letting me know the interesting information! I will search for the detail :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome.^_^
</div>
</div>
