---
date: 2016-04-09
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Tenki-Ame (Sunny Rain)</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Apr 9, 2016 11:26</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Yesterday, I talked about the etymology of "kitsune-no-yomeiri (rain when the sun is shining)."<br/><br/>This phenomenon is officially expressed as "tenki-ame" or "hideri-ame" in Japan ("tenki" and "hideri" mean "sunny," and "ame" means "rain").<br/><br/>Today, I will explain the scientific occurrence reasons of the tenki-ame.<br/><br/>The conditions are able to be divided into two major cases.<br/><br/>One is that rain clouds dissipate before raindrops reach the ground.<br/><br/>If the clouds are convective clouds, since it tends to dissipate after the rainfall, it's easy to become tenki-ame.<br/><br/>Another one is that rains come from a long distance by strong crosswinds.<br/><br/>This phenomenon is often found in mountainous areas.<br/><br/>Also, since sunlight will hit raindrops during the tenki-ame, you will be easier to find rainbows.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
天気雨<br/><br/>昨日は、狐の嫁入り（日が出ているのに降る雨）の語源について説明しました。<br/><br/>この現象は、日本では正式には「天気雨」や「日照雨」のように表現します。<br/><br/>今日は、天気雨が発生する科学的な理由を説明します。<br/><br/>天気雨の発生条件は大きく二つに分けられます。<br/><br/>一つは、雨粒が地面に到達する前に雨雲がいなくなることです。<br/><br/>雲が対流雲であった場合、降雨後消えやすく、天気雨になりやすいです。<br/><br/>もう一つは、遠くで降った雨が強い横風に流されて、雲の無いところに飛んで来ることです。<br/><br/>この天気雨は、山間部でよく見られます。<br/><br/>また、天気雨は日光が雨にあたりやすいことから、虹を観察できる可能性が高くなります。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Kwang Ming (クアン　ミン）</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, I talked about the etymology of "kitsune-no-yomeiri (rain when the sun is shining)."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This phenomenon is officially expressed as "tenki-ame" or "hideri-ame" in Japan ("tenki" and "hideri" mean "sunny," and "ame" means "rain").</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This phenomenon is officially expressed as "tenki-ame" or "hideri-ame" in <span class="f_blue">Japanese</span> ("tenki" and "hideri" mean "sunny," and "ame" means "rain").
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will explain the scientific occurrence reasons of the tenki-ame.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I <span class="f_blue">will make use of what we understand in meteorology</span> to explain tenki-ame.
<p class="correction_comment">meteorology = study of atmosphere / weather<br/><br/>I think this is what you mean, but I could be a little off.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The conditions are able to be divided into two major cases.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">The weather</span> conditions can be divided into two <span class="f_blue">categories</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">Clearer</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">One is that rain clouds dissipate before raindrops reach the ground.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">In the first category,</span> rain clouds dissipate before raindrops reach the ground.
<p class="correction_comment">If you would like to signal to the reader in a clearer way, else you can just assume the reader knows you are referring to the first category.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If the clouds are convective clouds, since it tends to dissipate after the rainfall, it's easy to become tenki-ame.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">However, if the clouds are convective,</span> they dissipate after <span class="f_blue">rainfall</span>, resulting in tenki-ame.
<p class="correction_comment">Rainfall isn't distinctively unique so 'the' is replaced with 'a'.<br/><br/>I am trying to connect your previous sentence so that the meaning is clear. I am not sure if I got it right.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Another one is that rains come from a long distance by strong crosswinds.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Finally, we have </span>rain that <span class="f_blue">arrives </span>from a <span class="f_blue">great </span>distance through strong crosswinds 
<p class="correction_comment">Your final category.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This phenomenon is often found in mountainous areas.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, since sunlight will hit raindrops during the tenki-ame, you will be easier to find rainbows.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, since <span class="f_blue">both the sun and rain are present </span>during tenki-ame, rainbows are a <span class="f_blue">common sight.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">I prefer writing it this way.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Unfortunately, I am not sufficiently caught up in meteorology but it's clearly your interest.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>Yes, I'm interested in a variety of scientific topic :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This phenomenon is officially expressed as "tenki-ame" or "hideri-ame" in Japan ("tenki" and "hideri" mean "sunny," and "ame" means "rain").</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This phenomenon is officially expressed (or: <span class="f_blue">commonly known</span>) as "tenki-ame" or "hideri-ame" in Japanese ("tenki" and "hideri" mean "sunny," and "ame" means "rain").
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will explain the scientific occurrence reasons of the tenki-ame.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I will explain the <span class="f_blue">science</span> <span class="f_blue">behind </span>the<span class="f_blue"> </span>tenki-ame.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting! I think there was a song called "Sunrain", but I don't remember who it's by.^_^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post!<br/>I didn't know the song, but I could find it on the Internet :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^
</div>
</div>
