---
date: 2016-04-12
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: 0481_my-first-lesson
---

# 【No. 0481】My First Lesson
<div class="date">Apr 12, 2016 14:48</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Yesterday, I performed an exercise lesson as a university teacher for the first time ever.<br/><br/>I made some mistakes, but I barely managed to finish the lesson.<br/><br/>Almost all students paid attention in my talk, so I could survive.<br/><br/>Also, since I was speaking for almost three hours, I was very tired.<br/><br/>I have to do my best my work patiently every week from now.<br/><br/>In addition, I have to spend my spare time doing my research and studying English for my dream.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
初めての演習授業<br/><br/>今日は初めて、大学の教員として演習授業をしました。<br/><br/>幾つかミスもありましたが、なんとか終わらせることができました。<br/><br/>学生たちはほとんど真面目に聴講してくれて、助かりました。<br/><br/>そしてほぼ3時間喋りっぱなしだったので、とても疲れました。<br/><br/>これから毎週、根気よく頑張っていかなければなりません。<br/><br/>そして空いた時間には、研究と英語を頑張らなければなりません。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Ted</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, I performed an exercise lesson as a university teacher for the first time ever.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Yesterday, I <span class="sline">performed</span> <span class="f_red">taught</span> an exercise lesson as a university teacher for the first time ever.
<p class="correction_comment">say 'taught' or 'conducted' a lesson</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I made some mistakes, but I barely managed to finish the lesson.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I made some mistakes, <span class="sline">but</span> <span class="f_red">and</span> I barely managed to finish the lesson.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Almost all students paid attention in my talk, so I could survive.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Almost all students paid attention <span class="sline">in</span> <span class="f_red">to</span> my talk, so I could survive.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, since I was speaking for almost three hours, I was very tired.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I have to do my best my work patiently every week from now.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I have to do my best <span class="sline">my</span> work patiently every week from now.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In addition, I have to spend my spare time doing my research and studying English for my dream.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In addition, I have to spend my spare time doing my research and studying English <span class="sline">for </span><span class="f_red">to achieve</span> my dream.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! (^^)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Kwang Ming (クアン　ミン）</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, I performed an exercise lesson as a university teacher for the first time ever.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Yesterday <span class="f_blue">was my first ever physical education lesson as a university teacher.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">It's never 'exercise lesson'. We usually also refer to it as a physical fitness lesson.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I made some mistakes, but I barely managed to finish the lesson.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Not only did I make some mistakes, I found myself having barely enough time to finish the lesson.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Almost all students paid attention in my talk, so I could survive.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Fortunately, almost all the students were attentive when I gave the talk, so it made it easier for me to survive the lesson.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">Descriptive and keeps your main ideas.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, since I was speaking for almost three hours, I was very tired.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I have to do my best my work patiently every week from now.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">For every week onwards, I will need to carry out my responsibilities with full effort and patience.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">is this what you mean?</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In addition, I have to spend my spare time doing my research and studying English for my dream.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In addition, I have to spend my spare time doing my research and studying English to <span class="f_blue">achieve </span>my dream(s).
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Teaching requires a remarkably different set of skills from academia. To a large extent, it requires a certain talent and personality in order to succeed, especially if one does long term teaching.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 I am sure you did fine though. =)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post!<br/>Indeed, I'm feeling that it's very difficult to teach something for a long term. However, I'll do my best!<br/><br/>&gt; It's never 'exercise lesson'. We usually also refer to it as a physical fitness lesson.<br/>Actually, I taught computer skills in the lesson. Maybe I chose a wrong word, sorry.<br/><br/>&gt; is this what you mean?<br/>Yes, I think that it expresses what I wanted to mean :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Kwang Ming (クアン　ミン）</span><br>
You are welcome. Ah, in that case, your lesson can be referred to as an "IT lesson" or if if was mostly a talk, then you can call it a lecture.
</div>
</div>
