---
date: 2016-04-20
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Geko</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Apr 20, 2016 13:17</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I will talk about the Japanese word "geko."<br/><br/>Originally, this word expressed the lowest rank people in the ancient Japanese political system (Ritsuryosei), which divides social statuses into four ranks.<br/><br/>In wedding ceremonies in those days, the highest rank people (joko) drank 8 sho (14.4 liters) of alcohol, while the lowest rank people (geko) drank 2 sho (3.2 liters) of alcohol.<br/><br/>From this fact, the word "geko" came to mean a person who can't drink alcohol constitutionally.<br/><br/>As you can see from the etymology, this word contains meanings of discriminations and insults.<br/><br/>Therefore, you must be careful to use this word because it may be impolite.<br/><br/>There is no problem in cases that you use the word to refer to yourself.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
下戸<br/><br/>今日は、「下戸」という日本語を紹介します。<br/><br/>この言葉は元々、日本古来の政治制度（律令制）における4階級の身分において、最も位の低い人を表しました。<br/><br/>そして、婚礼時のお酒の量が、最上級の「上戸」は8升、最下級の「下戸」は2升でした。<br/><br/>このことが転じて、現在では「下戸」は「（体質的に）お酒が飲めない人」を表すようになりました。<br/><br/>語源からわかるように、この言葉は差別的・侮辱的な意味合いを含みます。<br/><br/>そのため、自分自身のことを下戸と言うのは問題ありませんが、他人に対して使うと失礼に当たるので注意して下さい。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">チャールズ</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Originally, this word expressed the lowest rank people in the ancient Japanese political system (Ritsuryosei), which divides social statuses into four ranks.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Originally, this word expressed the lowest rank <span class="f_red">of </span>people in the ancient Japanese political system (Ritsuryosei), which divide<span class="f_red">d </span>social statuses into four ranks.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, you must be careful to use this word because it may be impolite.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, you must be careful <span class="f_red">in using</span> this word because it may be impolite. ["Careful to use" would mean that you should make sure to use the word.]
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There is no problem in cases that you use the word to refer to yourself.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
There is no problem in cases <span class="f_red">when</span> you use the word to refer to yourself.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I learned a new word; thanks.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>I'm glad to hear you say that :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Kwang Ming (クアン　ミン）</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will talk about the Japanese word "geko."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Originally, this word expressed the lowest rank people in the ancient Japanese political system (Ritsuryosei), which divides social statuses into four ranks.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Originally, this word was <span class="f_blue">as a reference to </span>the lowest ranked people in the ancient Japanese political system (Ritsuryosei), which <span class="f_blue">divided </span>social statuses into four ranks.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In wedding ceremonies in those days, the highest rank people (joko) drank 8 sho (14.4 liters) of alcohol, while the lowest rank people (geko) drank 2 sho (3.2 liters) of alcohol.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Wedding ceremonies held in those days would have </span>the highest <span class="f_blue">ranked </span>people (joko) <span class="f_blue">drinking </span>8 sho (14.4 liters) of alcohol, while the lowest ranked <span class="sline"><span class="f_blue">people </span></span>(geko) drank 2 sho (3.2 liters) of alcohol.
<p class="correction_comment">People is understood so it's dropped.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">From this fact, the word "geko" came to mean a person who can't drink alcohol constitutionally.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">As such,</span> "geko"<span class="f_blue"> came to refer to a person who can't hold his liquor well.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">Can't hold liquor... = easily drunk</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As you can see from the etymology, this word contains meanings of discriminations and insults.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
As you can see from the etymology, this word <span class="f_blue">can be discriminatory and insulting.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, you must be careful to use this word because it may be impolite.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Therefore, you must be careful in using this card because it may be impolite.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There is no problem in cases that you use the word to refer to yourself.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">In the event that you choose to use the word to describe yourself, there's no problem to be had.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I had too much of English today. I thought you wrote "gecko" at first. In English, it's a somewhat interesting and adorable lizard. Haha.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post! (^^)<br/>Haha, their spellings are quite similar to each other, indeed.
</div>
</div>
