---
date: 2016-04-23
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">iPhone in a Bathroom</h1>
<div class="date">Apr 23, 2016 14:42</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
After I moved to my new apartment, I came to immerse in a hot bath frequently.<br/><br/>Since I have to use a large amount of water to prepare a bath, I want to soak in the bath for a long time, but it's a little bit boring.<br/><br/>Therefore, I came to bring my iPhone in a ziplock to the bath, and enjoy dramas.<br/><br/>If you close the zipper of the ziplock, it will become waterproof, and you can touch the screen through the ziplock.<br/><br/>However, when you go out of the bath, condensation could occur within the ziplock.<br/><br/>In order to prevent the condensation, it's recommended to suck out the air in the ziplock by using a straw.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
お風呂でiPhone<br/><br/>私は新しいアパートに入居してから、よくお風呂に浸かるようになりました。<br/><br/>一度お風呂を準備すると大量の水を使うので、長く入っていたいのですが、ちょっと退屈でした。<br/><br/>そこで、ジップロックに入れたiPhoneをお風呂に持って行き、ドラマなどを楽しむようになりました。<br/><br/>ジッパーを閉じれば防水になり、タッチ操作も問題ありません。<br/><br/>しかし、浴室から脱衣所に出ると、ジップロック内で結露が発生する恐れがあります。<br/><br/>結露を防ぐためには、ストローを使ってジップロック内の空気を吸い出しておくと良いそうです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">ココ</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">After I moved to my new apartment, I came to immerse in a hot bath frequently.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
After I moved to my new apartment, I <span class="f_blue">started taking</span> hot bath<span class="f_blue">s</span> frequently.
<p class="correction_comment">This is a more proper English way of saying this sentence</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since I have to use a large amount of water to prepare a bath, I want to soak in the bath for a long time, but it's a little bit boring.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, I came to bring my iPhone in a ziplock to the bath, and enjoy dramas.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, I <span class="f_blue">began</span> to bring my iPhone in a ziplock <span class="f_blue">bag</span> to the bath <span class="f_blue">to</span> enjoy dramas.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If you close the zipper of the ziplock, it will become waterproof, and you can touch the screen through the ziplock.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, when you go out of the bath, condensation could occur within the ziplock.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, when you go out of the bath, condensation could <span class="f_blue">accumulate</span> within the ziplock.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In order to prevent the condensation, it's recommended to suck out the air in the ziplock by using a straw.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In order to prevent <span class="sline">the</span> condensation, it's recommended to suck out the air in the ziplock by using a straw.
<p class="correction_comment">That is funny!</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I suppose many people do this nowadays. I personally like to take a bath to clear my mind. The part about sucking the air out of the bag made me laugh, hahaha.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)<br/>The act may look like crazy, haha.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 &gt;In order to prevent condensation, it's recommended to suck out the air in the ziplock by &gt;using a straw.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 #lifehack ^_^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Yes, if I didn't know this, my phone might be broken :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
Yeah, Apple phones are not very durable when it comes to water.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">Kwang Ming (クアン　ミン）</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">After I moved to my new apartment, I came to immerse in a hot bath frequently.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
After I moved to my new apartment, <span class="f_blue">I made it a point to frequently immerse myself in hot baths.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">If you want to use immerse, use it this way.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since I have to use a large amount of water to prepare a bath, I want to soak in the bath for a long time, but it's a little bit boring.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">It takes a long time to draw up the water required for a bath, and since I also like soaking in the bath for extended periods, it can get a bit boring.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">I think your English is sufficiently good to understand my corrections.<br/><br/>To draw up = to prepare water</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, I came to bring my iPhone in a ziplock to the bath, and enjoy dramas.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, I <span class="f_blue">began </span>to bring my iPhone in a ziplock to the bath so that I could <span class="f_blue">watch dramas.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">watch drama is more natural (for me)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If you close the zipper of the ziplock, it will become waterproof, and you can touch the screen through the ziplock.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">The phone becomes waterproof as long as the zipper remains sealed, and this allows you to touch the screen.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">Just like Japanese drops many nouns and pronouns when it's obvious, you can do the same for English.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, when you go out of the bath, condensation could occur within the ziplock.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">However, leaving the bath results in condensation.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">It's pretty obvious where the condensation happens.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In order to prevent the condensation, it's recommended to suck out the air in the ziplock by using a straw.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">To prevent that from happening, you can use a straw to remove the air contained inside the ziplock.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">I prefer remove over sucking. Because sucking sounds more crude.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 We live in good times, don't we? Rather than worry about survival, we now worry about what drama to watch now. Life IS good. =)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Kwang Ming (クアン　ミン）</span><br>
Interestingly, though we all live better than the emperors in the past, suicide rates are not going down. It says something about the human mind and society.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post!<br/>Yes, it might be a first world problem.<br/><br/>And as you said, suicide rates seem to increase (especially in Japan... <a href="http://lang-8.com/kanotown/journals/201200506476488379803500847465698908812" target="_blank">http://lang-8.com/kanotown/journals/201200506476488379803500847465698908812</a>).<br/>
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Kwang Ming (クアン　ミン）</span><br>
Ah, I believe I read something like that before. Lately, America's suicide rate went up significantly. Still much lower than Japan though.<br/><br/>Japan's harsh work environment, high expectations and strong group-think might be factors for the high suicide rate. It's only a guess on my part. (as an observer)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Yes. According to a survey, the main reasons of suicide in Japan was health matters, but I also think the potential reasons are work environment and human relations.
</div>
</div>
