---
date: 2016-04-24
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Wrong Screws</h1>
<div class="date">Apr 24, 2016 20:26</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I tried to assemble a desk, but I missed eight screws.<br/><br/>Therefore, I went to a hardware store to buy screws.<br/><br/>However, I forgot to measure the exact diameter of the missing screws, and I struggled to buy which size.<br/><br/>Sensuously, I thought the size was 4 to 5 mm, and I bought eight screws of M4 and M5, respectively.<br/><br/>Since the hardware store was far from my apartment, I didn't want to go there again.<br/><br/>So just in case, I also bought some other screws that have different length.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, the diameter of the screw hole was 6 mm.<br/><br/>Begrudgingly, I went to the hardware store again.<br/><br/>I will measure with a caliper in advance.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
間違ったねじ<br/><br/>今日は机を組み立てようとしましたが、ねじが8本足りませんでした（無くしました）。<br/><br/>そのため、ホームセンターに買いに出かけました。<br/><br/>しかし、ねじ穴の直径を正確に測るのを忘れていたため、どのサイズを買うかかなり悩みました。<br/><br/>感覚的に直径4-5 mmくらいだったと思い、M4とM5のねじを8本ずつ買いました。<br/><br/>ホームセンターは家から遠いので、買い直しに来たくはありません。<br/><br/>そこで念のため、ねじの長さが異なるものも何種類か買いました。<br/><br/>残念ながら、ねじ穴の直径は6 mmでした。<br/><br/>泣く泣くもう一度ホームセンターに行きました。<br/><br/>今度からはちゃんとノギスで測ります。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, I forgot to measure the exact diameter of the missing screws, and I struggled to buy which size.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, I forgot to measure the exact diameter of the missing screws, and I struggled <span class="f_blue">with</span> which size to buy.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I will measure with a caliper in advance.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">This time</span> I will measure <span class="f_blue">them</span> with a caliper in advance.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Is this a standing desk you wrote about earlier?
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post!<br/>&gt; Is this a standing desk you wrote about earlier?<br/>No, this is a standard desk that I was using in my previous apartment.<br/>When I'm able to earn enough money, I will buy it, haha.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^<br/><br/>&gt;When I'm able to earn enough money, I will buy it, haha.<br/><br/>I see. Most of the adjustable desks are really expensive.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Kwang Ming (クアン　ミン）</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I tried to assemble a desk, but I missed eight screws.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I tried to assemble a desk, but I <span class="f_blue">was missing</span> eight screws.
<p class="correction_comment">-ing form needed to give a sense of an ongoing action</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, I went to a hardware store to buy screws.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, I forgot to measure the exact diameter of the missing screws, and I struggled to buy which size.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, I forgot to measure the exact diameter of the missing screws, and <span class="f_blue">I ended up struggling with </span>which size to buy.
<p class="correction_comment">Gives a better sense of the action</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Sensuously, I thought the size was 4 to 5 mm, and I bought eight screws of M4 and M5, respectively.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="sline"><span class="f_blue">Sensuously, </span></span>I thought the size was <span class="f_blue">between </span>4 to 5 mm, <span class="f_blue">so </span>I <span class="f_blue">settled on buying </span>eight screws of M4 and M5, respectively.
<p class="correction_comment">That word you used is mostly used for its second meaning - something attractively and sexually appealing. Here, it just doesn't make sense.<br/><br/>Settled on buying = more advanced but I think you can handle it.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since the hardware store was far from my apartment, I didn't want to go there again.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">I didn't want to travel again because the hardware store was far from my apartment.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">I prefer writing it this way. It's clearer.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">So just in case, I also bought some other screws that have different length.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Just to be doubly sure</span>, I also bought <span class="f_blue">various screws of differing length.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">This flows better,</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Unfortunately, the diameter of the screw hole was 6 mm.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Begrudgingly, I went to the hardware store again.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I will measure with a caliper in advance.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">This time, I made sure to measure them with a caliper first.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">Still recalling, so I put it in the past.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 A good amount of humour in your entry. Haha.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post!<br/>And thank you for your comment (^^)
</div>
</div>
