---
date: 2016-05-11
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">An Engagement Ring</h1>
<div class="date">May 11, 2016 10:28</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
In Japan, a phrase something like "you should spend three months' salary on an engagement ring" has spread.<br/><br/>I heard that De Beers Group of Companies used this phrase for a promotion of diamond rings in 1970s.<br/><br/>Also, at the same time, the De Beers seemed to use other phrases, "a month's salary for an engagement ring" in the US, and "two months' salary for an engagement ring" in European countries.<br/><br/>The reason of three months' salary in Japan is due to Japanese income levels and yen exchange rates at that time.<br/><br/>I think most Japanese know this phrase, but people who spend actually three months' salary on an engagement ring are about thirty percent.<br/><br/>Considering the average income of the current Japanese, three months' salary will be about 1 million yen (9162 dollars).<br/><br/>Many Japanese seem to think that you should spend your money on what you need in your life, rather than an expensive engagement ring.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
婚約指輪<br/><br/>日本では、婚約指輪は給料の3ヶ月分、というフレーズが広まっています。<br/><br/>これは、1970年代にデビアス社がダイヤモンドの指輪の販売促進をするため使ったフレーズだそうです。<br/><br/>そして同時期に、アメリカでは給料の1ヶ月分、ヨーロッパでは給料の2ヶ月分、という広告を出していたそうです。<br/><br/>日本での3ヶ月分、というのは、当日の日本人の所得水準や円相場から決められたそうです。<br/><br/>多くの日本人がこのフレーズを知っていますが、実際に3ヶ月分の給料を費やす人は3割程度だそうです。<br/><br/>現在の日本人の平均所得から考えると、3ヶ月分の給料は約100万円になります。<br/><br/>婚約指輪に100万を費やすならば、生活に必要なものを購入すべきだと考える人が多いようです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Adam</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I heard that De Beers Group of Companies used this phrase for a promotion of diamond rings in 1970s.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I heard that <span class="f_blue">the</span> De Beers Group of Companies used this phrase for a promotion of diamond rings in 1970s.
<p class="correction_comment">"the De Beers Group of Companies", or "De Beers"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, at the same time, the De Beers seemed to use other phrases, "a month's salary for an engagement ring" in the US, and "two months' salary for an engagement ring" in European countries.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, at the same time, <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">the</span></span> De Beers seemed to use other phrases, "a month's salary for an engagement ring" in the US, and "two months' salary for an engagement ring" in European countries.
<p class="correction_comment">"the De Beers Company", or "De Beers"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The reason of three months' salary in Japan is due to Japanese income levels and yen exchange rates at that time.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The reason of three <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">months'</span></span> <span class="f_blue">month's</span> salary in Japan is due to Japanese income levels and yen exchange rates at that time.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think most Japanese know this phrase, but people who spend actually three months' salary on an engagement ring are about thirty percent.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I think most Japanese know this phrase, but people who <span class="f_blue">actually</span> spend <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">actually</span></span> three <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">months'</span></span> <span class="f_blue">month's</span> salary on an engagement ring are about thirty percent.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Considering the average income of the current Japanese, three months' salary will be about 1 million yen (9162 dollars).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Considering the average income of the current Japanese, three <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">months' </span></span><span class="f_blue">month's</span> salary will be about 1 million yen (9162 dollars).
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Very well written!
 <br/>
 <br/>
 You might find this video interesting:
 <object height="315" width="560">
  <param name="movie" value="https://www.youtube.com/v/N5kWu1ifBGU"/>
  <embed height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/v/N5kWu1ifBGU" type="application/x-shockwave-flash" width="560"/>
 </object>
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/>I think I've watched this video, but I don't remember the content very much.<br/>I will watch it again later, thank you!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Seralt</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">An Engagement Ring</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Engagement Ring<span class="f_red">s</span>
<p class="correction_comment">You're talking about engagement rings in general, so we use the plural.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In Japan, a phrase something like "you should spend three months' salary on an engagement ring" has spread.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">The idea that </span>you should spend three months' salary on an engagement ring <span class="f_blue">has spread in Japan</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I heard that De Beers Group of Companies used this phrase for a promotion of diamond rings in 1970s.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I heard that <span class="f_red">the</span> De Beers Group of Companies used this phrase <span class="f_blue">to sell</span> diamond rings in <span class="f_red">the </span>1970s.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, at the same time, the De Beers seemed to use other phrases, "a month's salary for an engagement ring" in the US, and "two months' salary for an engagement ring" in European countries.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, at the same time, <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">the</span></span> De Beers seemed to use other phrases, "a month's salary for an engagement ring" in the US, and "two months' salary for an engagement ring" in <span class="f_blue">Europe</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The reason of three months' salary in Japan is due to Japanese income levels and yen exchange rates at that time.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think most Japanese know this phrase, but people who spend actually three months' salary on an engagement ring are about thirty percent.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I think most Japanese know this phrase, but <span class="f_blue">only about thirty percent actually </span>spend three months' salary on <span class="f_red">engagement rings</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">"people spend... on an engagement ring" ⇒ その人たちが一緒に指輪を一つだけを買うこと。</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Considering the average income of the current Japanese, three months' salary will be about 1 million yen (9162 dollars).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Considering the <span class="f_blue">current average Japanese income level</span>, three months' salary <span class="f_blue">works out to</span> be about 1 million yen (<span class="f_blue">$ 9,162 US</span>).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Many Japanese seem to think that you should spend your money on what you need in your life, rather than an expensive engagement ring.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Many Japanese <span class="f_red">people</span> think that you should spend your money on what you need <span class="f_blue">for daily life</span>, rather than an expensive engagement ring.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Yeah, the whole issue of blood diamonds, and their inherent worth is doubly concerning.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/>Actually, I didn't know about blood diamonds, so I searched for it. I felt it's a very serious issue.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">thethinker83</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 I think I spent about two weeks' salary on the engagement ring I gave to my wife 11 years ago.  And that was when I was a graduate student and working as a software test engineer's assistant for $20/hour!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for sharing the useful information!<br/>I think it will help me a lot when I make a marriage proposal (if that day can come someday, haha).<br/>And your career sounds very cool :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">thethinker83</span><br>
Yeah, I hope it does happen for you someday!<br/><br/>Actually, I don't do much software testing anymore.  I'm more of a systems analyst/designer, overseeing projects where other people are writing and testing the code.
</div>
</div>
