---
date: 2016-05-13
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0512_calories-of-alcohol
---

# 【No. 0512】Calories of Alcohol
<div class="date">May 13, 2016 10:00</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
It is said that taking alcohol makes you gain weight, and today I will talk about that.<br/><br/>Alcohol is basically high in calories, and the calories increase as the alcohol degree increases.<br/><br/>According to a professor at the Auckland University of Technology, alcohol has almost the same calories as sugar.<br/><br/>However, calories contained in alcohol is called "empty calories," and they are released from your bodies as heat on a priority basis compared to carbohydrates and lipids.<br/><br/>Therefore, alcohol is less likely to become fat, and it doesn't make you gain weight directly very much.<br/><br/>However, taking alcohol inhibit your fat metabolism rates, and enhance your appetite, so you have to be careful when you drink.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
アルコールのカロリー<br/><br/>お酒を飲むと太ると言われますが、今日はそのことについて説明します。<br/><br/>アルコールは基本的にカロリーが高く、度数が高いほどカロリーも増えます。<br/><br/>オークランド技術大学の教授によると、アルコールと砂糖は同程度のカロリーを持っているとのことです。<br/><br/>しかし、アルコールのカロリーはエンプティカロリーと呼ばれ、糖質や脂質よりも最優先で熱として体外に放出されます。<br/><br/>このため、アルコールが脂肪となり、直接体重を増加させることはあまりないようです。<br/><br/>ただし、アルコールの摂取は脂肪の代謝を抑制し、さらに食欲を増進させるため、太らないためには注意が必要です。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Evan</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is said that taking alcohol makes you gain weight, and today I will talk about that.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is said that drinking alcohol makes you gain weight, and today I will talk about that.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Alcohol is basically high in calories, and the calories increase as the alcohol degree increases.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Alcohol is basically high in calories, and the calories increase as the alcohol percentage increases.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">マーセル</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is said that taking alcohol makes you gain weight, and today I will talk about that.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is said that <span class="f_blue">dringing</span> alcohol makes you gain weight, and <span class="f_blue">this is what I will talk about today</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">A bit more natural I think :)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Alcohol is basically high in calories, and the calories increase as the alcohol degree increases.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Basically, a</span>lcohol is high in calories, and the calories increase as the alcohol <span class="f_blue">content </span>increases.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to a professor at the Auckland University of Technology, alcohol has almost the same calories as sugar.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to a professor at the Auckland University of Technology, alcohol has almost the same <span class="f_blue">amount of </span>calories as sugar.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, calories contained in alcohol is called "empty calories," and they are released from your bodies as heat on a priority basis compared to carbohydrates and lipids.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, <span class="f_blue">the </span>calories contained in alcohol <span class="f_blue">are</span> called "empty calories," and they are released from your bodies as heat <span class="f_blue">with more priority</span> <span class="f_blue">than</span> carbohydrates and lipids.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, alcohol is less likely to become fat, and it doesn't make you gain weight directly very much.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, taking alcohol inhibit your fat metabolism rates, and enhance your appetite, so you have to be careful when you drink.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, <span class="f_blue">drinking</span> alcohol inhibit<span class="f_blue">s</span> your fat metabolism rates, and enhance<span class="f_blue">s</span> your appetite, so you have to be careful when you drink.
<p class="correction_comment">When using verbs as nouns through the gerund (-ing) form, as in "drinking", the resulting noun should be treated as singular.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Keep up the good effort :)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
I'm sorry for replying late.<br/>Thank you very much always for correcting my post!
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">マーセル</span><br>
Haha, don't worry about it, with the number of posts you churn out you can't thank everyone fast enough!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">pilgrim</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Calories of Alcohol</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Calories in Alcohol
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is said that taking alcohol makes you gain weight, and today I will talk about that.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
People say that drinking alcohol makes you gain weight, and today I will talk about that.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, alcohol is less likely to become fat, and it doesn't make you gain weight directly very much.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
