---
date: 2016-05-17
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0516_takeyabu
---

# 【No. 0516】<strong><em>Takeyabu</strong></em> (Bamboo Fence)
<div class="date">May 17, 2016 20:49</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I will talk about a tongue twister that I can't say.<br/><br/>"Kono takegaki ni take tatekaketano ha take tatekaketakatta kara take tatekaketa."<br/>(The reason why I leaned a bamboo against this bamboo fence is because I wanted to lean a bamboo, so I leaned a bamboo.)<br/><br/>Although it's easy to say "take" and "tatekakeru" respectively, it's very hard for me to say them consecutively, like "take tatekakeru."<br/><br/>This sentence is very popular as a tongue twister, but I think this is a little unnatural as Japanese.<br/><br/>I guess if I were in this situation, I would say something like:<br/><br/>"Kono takegaki ni take wo tatekaketa riyu ha, tada tan ni sositakatta kara desu."<br/>(The reason why I leaned a bamboo against this bamboo fence is because just I wanted to do so.)
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
竹垣<br/><br/>今日は、私が苦手な早口言葉を紹介します。<br/><br/>「この竹垣に竹立てかけたのは竹立てかけたかったから竹立てかけた」<br/><br/>「竹」と「立てかける」をそれぞれ言うのは簡単ですが、繋げて言うのはとても難しいです。<br/><br/>しかしこの文章、早口言葉として浸透していますが、日本語としては若干不自然です。<br/><br/>私がこの言葉を言う人の立場だったら、恐らく次のように言うでしょう。<br/><br/>「この竹垣に竹を立てかけた理由は、ただ単にそうしたかったからです」
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">nateenglishlab </span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This sentence is very popular as a tongue twister, but I think this is a little unnatural as Japanese.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This sentence is very popular as a tongue twister, but I think <span class="sline">this</span> <span class="f_red">it sounds </span><span class="sline">is</span> a little unnatural <span class="sline">as</span> <span class="f_red">in </span>Japanese.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Hahaha....the last sentence made me want to say ｢なんでやねん！」 hahaha...cuz, well, you know why.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 One thing, in English we might specify what kind of bamboo, like "a bamboo tree" or bamboo stalk" or something, but maybe not! Just FYI.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>The last sentence is no longer a tongue twister, haha.<br/>And thank you for letting me know the information about English :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Kwang Ming (クアン　ミン）</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will talk about a tongue twister that I can't say.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I will talk about a tongue twister that I<span class="f_blue"> struggle with.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">Gives a better sense of difficulty.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Kono takegaki ni take tatekaketano ha take tatekaketakatta kara take tatekaketa."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">(The reason why I leaned a bamboo against this bamboo fence is because I wanted to lean a bamboo, so I leaned a bamboo.)</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although it's easy to say "take" and "tatekakeru" respectively, it's very hard for me to say them consecutively, like "take tatekakeru."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This sentence is very popular as a tongue twister, but I think this is a little unnatural as Japanese.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This sentence is very popular as a tongue twister, but it's <span class="f_blue">a little unnatural in Japanese.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I guess if I were in this situation, I would say something like:</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Kono takegaki ni take wo tatekaketa riyu ha, tada tan ni sositakatta kara desu."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">(The reason why I leaned a bamboo against this bamboo fence is because just I wanted to do so.)</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
(The reason why I leaned a bamboo against this bamboo fence is because <span class="f_blue"><span class="sline">just </span></span>I <span class="f_blue">just</span> wanted to do so.)
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Even in English, tongue twisters, like poems, are usually unnatural. But they are fun in a class, and in your example, rather difficult to get right.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 I never knew about that tongue twister and honestly, my tongue's getting twisted just trying to speak proper Japanese. haha.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/>Yes, I feel that many tongue twisters seem to pursue difficulty.<br/>If you can this tongue twister smoothly, you may become a broadcaster in Japan, haha.
</div>
</div>
