---
date: 2016-05-21
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Maneki Neko</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>May 21, 2016 12:11</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Yesterday, I wrote about beckoning gestures.<br/><br/>Today, I will talk about "maneki neko," which is posing with the beckoning gesture.<br/><br/>Maneki neko is a traditional Japanese kind of figure in the shape of a cat, and is a lucky charm (which is called "engimono" in Japan) for business success.<br/><br/>It is said that maneki with the right forepaw raised brings economic fortune, and that with the left forepaw raised attracts customers.<br/><br/>By the way, the former is a male cat, and the latter is a female cat.<br/><br/>Recently, you can file maneki neko with the both forepaws, but many of us don't like it very much because the gesture implies a surrender.<br/><br/>There are several theories about where the maneki neko came from, and I think that it began when we likened a grooming of a cat to a beckoning gesture.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
招き猫<br/><br/>昨日は、手招きのジェスチャーについて書きました。<br/><br/>今日は、手招きのジェスチャーをしている招き猫について書きます。<br/><br/>招き猫は、日本の伝統的な猫の置物であり、商売繁盛の縁起物です。<br/><br/>右前足を挙げている猫は金運を招き、左前足を挙げている猫は客を招くとされています。<br/><br/>ちなみに、前者は雄猫、後者は雌猫だそうです。<br/><br/>最近では両手を挙げた招き猫もありますが、両手の挙げるのは「お手上げ」を意味することから嫌う人も多いです。<br/><br/>招き猫の由来の説はさまざまありますが、私は猫の毛繕いの動作を手招きのジェスチャーに見立てたことが始まりたと思います。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">thethinker83</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, I wrote about beckoning gestures.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will talk about "maneki neko," which is posing with the beckoning gesture.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I will talk about "maneki neko," which <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">is posing</span></span> <span class="f_blue">poses </span>with the beckoning gesture.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Maneki neko is a traditional Japanese kind of figure in the shape of a cat, and is a lucky charm (which is called "engimono" in Japan) for business success.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is said that maneki with the right forepaw raised brings economic fortune, and that with the left forepaw raised attracts customers.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is said that maneki <span class="f_blue">neko </span>with the right forepaw raised brings economic fortune, and that with the left forepaw raised attracts customers.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, the former is a male cat, and the latter is a female cat.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Recently, you can file maneki neko with the both forepaws, but many of us don't like it very much because the gesture implies a surrender.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Recently, <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">you can file</span></span> <span class="f_blue">there have also been </span>maneki neko with <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">the</span></span> both forepaws <span class="f_blue">raised</span>, but many of us don't like it very much because the gesture implies a surrender.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There are several theories about where the maneki neko came from, and I think that it began when we likened a grooming of a cat to a beckoning gesture.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
There are several theories about where the maneki neko came from, and I think that it began when we likened <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">a</span></span> <span class="f_blue">the </span>grooming of a cat to a beckoning gesture.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 Speaking of Maneki Neko, there is a short story with the same name written by American science fiction author Bruce Sterling in 1998.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
I didn't know the story, thank you for letting me know it! :D
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
It's nothing^_^
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">Yukinekorin</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 Hi Kanotownさん~
 <br/>
 <br/>
 There's a Japanese Karaoke by the name of Maneki Neko! It is currently quite popular in Singapore. I heard that it is popular in Japan too. Have you heard of it? ^^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Hi, Yukinekorin-san :)<br/>Yes, the karaoke "Maneki Neko" is very popular also in Japan!<br/>There are many "Maneki Neko" in many towns and cities in Japan, haha.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Yukinekorin</span><br>
Haha and it is quite updated with songs! The bad thing is that they end 5 minutes earlier than the actual time that you are supposed to end the karaoke :(
</div>
</div>
