---
date: 2016-06-27
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Geckos and Newts</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Jun 27, 2016 13:15</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I will talk about the differences between geckos ("yamori" in Japanese) and newts ("imori" in Japanese).<br/><br/>Japanese people often them because they have not only similar shapes, but also similar Japanese names.<br/><br/>Geckos are reptiles, and are a member of the lizard family, while newts are amphibians, and are a member of the frog family.<br/><br/>Therefore, while skins of geckos are dry, skins of newts are wet.<br/><br/>Also, while geckos can regenerate only their tails, newts can regenerate their various parts (however, only geckos can do autotomy).<br/><br/>By the way, it is said that "geckos protect our houses from pests" 「ie (can be called "ya") o gaichu kara mamoru」, and "newts protect wells from pests" 「ido o gaichu kara mamoru」.<br/><br/>This is why geckos are called "yamori," and newts are called "imori" in Japan.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
ヤモリとイモリ<br/><br/>今日は、イモリとヤモリの違いについて話します。<br/><br/>ヤモリとイモリは見た目が似ているだけでなく、日本語では名前も似ているため、混同する人が多くいます。<br/><br/>ヤモリは爬虫類でトカゲの仲間であるのに対して、イモリは両生類でカエルの仲間です。<br/><br/>そのため、ヤモリの皮膚は乾燥しているのに対し、イモリの皮膚は湿っています。<br/><br/>また、ヤモリが再生できるのは尻尾のみですが、イモリは体のさまざまな部位を再生できます（ただし、自切できるのはヤモリのみ）。<br/><br/>ちなみに、ヤモリは「家を害虫から守る」から「家守（やもり）」、イモリは「井戸を害虫から守る」から「井守（いもり）」と名付けられたそうです。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">HennethAnnun</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will talk about the differences between geckos ("yamori" in Japanese) and newts ("imori" in Japanese).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I will talk about the differences between geckos ("yamori" in Japanese) and newts ("imori" in Japanese<span class="f_red">.</span>)<span class="sline">.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">The period goes inside the parentheses.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Japanese people often them because they have not only similar shapes, but also similar Japanese names.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Japanese people often <span class="f_blue">confuse</span> them because they have not only similar shapes, but also similar Japanese names.
<p class="correction_comment">You forgot the word "confuse!"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Geckos are reptiles, and are a member of the lizard family, while newts are amphibians, and are a member of the frog family.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Geckos are reptiles<span class="sline">,</span> and are <span class="sline">a</span> member<span class="f_blue">s</span> of the lizard family, while newts are amphibians<span class="sline">,</span> and are <span class="sline">a</span> member<span class="f_blue">s</span> of the frog family.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, while skins of geckos are dry, skins of newts are wet.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, while skins of geckos are dry, skins of newts are wet.
<p class="correction_comment">It sounds more natural to say "Therefore, while gecko skin is dry, newt skin is wet." We can use a singular form ("gecko skin" and "newt skin") because we are talking about these creatures in general.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, while geckos can regenerate only their tails, newts can regenerate their various parts (however, only geckos can do autotomy).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, while geckos can regenerate only their tails, newts can regenerate their various parts<span class="f_blue">.</span> (<span class="f_red">H</span>owever, only geckos can do autotomy).
<p class="correction_comment">I don't understand what you are trying to say in the part in parenthesis. :(</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, it is said that "geckos protect our houses from pests" 「ie (can be called "ya") o gaichu kara mamoru」, and "newts protect wells from pests" 「ido o gaichu kara mamoru」.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This is why geckos are called "yamori," and newts are called "imori" in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This is why geckos are called "yamori<span class="sline">,</span>" and newts are called "imori" in Japan.
<p class="correction_comment">The comma isn't necessary here.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for the corrections and explanations!<br/><br/>&gt; I don't understand what you are trying to say in the part in parenthesis. :(<br/>In the parenthesis, I wanted to say just something like "Geckos can cut/drop their tails, but newts don't have such a mechanism."
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">HennethAnnun</span><br>
Ahh! Very interesting. <br/><br/>Your comment is completely correct by the way! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Chronique</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will talk about the differences between geckos ("yamori" in Japanese) and newts ("imori" in Japanese).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I will talk about the differences between geckos ("yamori" in Japanese) and newts ("imori" in Japanese).
<p class="correction_comment">The period is actually okay outside the parentheses if the () is part of the sentence.  If the () is a separate sentence, the period goes inside.<br/><br/>Example: http://www.grammarbook.com/punctuation/parens.asp</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, while geckos can regenerate only their tails, newts can regenerate their various parts (however, only geckos can do autotomy).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, while geckos can regenerate only their tails, newts can regenerate various parts of their body (however, only geckos can do autotomy).
<p class="correction_comment">This sounds a little more natural.  I'm confused about the last part..</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, it is said that "geckos protect our houses from pests" 「ie (can be called "ya") o gaichu kara mamoru」, and "newts protect wells from pests" 「ido o gaichu kara mamoru」.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 This is so interesting!  :D
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! (^^)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Chronique</span><br>
You're welcome! 
</div>
</div>
