---
date: 2016-07-12
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0572_miyadaiku
---

# 【No. 0572】<strong><em>Miyadaiku</strong></em> (Temple and Shrine Carpenters)
<div class="date">Jul 12, 2016 10:05</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I'd like to talk about the Japanese job category "miyadaiku."<br/><br/>Daiku means carpenters, and miyadaiku means carpenters who build and repair only traditional Japanese architectures, such as temples and shrines.<br/><br/>Temples and shrines are built by using a unique Japanese construction method called "kigumi" (timberwork), which don't use nails or bolts.<br/><br/>Kigumi is a method that builds architectures by combining timbers that are logged to complex shapes.<br/><br/>If the height of the architecture is high, miyadaiku will design it so as to distribute the gravity.<br/><br/>Since this technique is important to preserve cultural assets, it is designated as a selected preservation technique.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
宮大工<br/><br/>今日は、日本の職業「宮大工」を紹介します。<br/><br/>宮大工は、神社やお寺など、伝統的な建物の建築や補修を手掛ける大工職人のことです。<br/><br/>寺社の建築は、釘を使わない「木組み」という日本独自の工法で行われます。<br/><br/>木組みは、複雑な形に切り出した木をはめ合わせて組み上げる工法で、高い建物では重力を分散するように設計します。<br/><br/>この技術は文化財保存のために必要な技術であるため、国から「選定保存技術」に指定されています。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Vector</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Temples and shrines are built by using a unique Japanese construction method called "kigumi" (timberwork), which don't use nails or bolts.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Temples and shrines are built by using a unique Japanese construction method called "kigumi" (timberwork), which do<span class="f_red">es</span>n't use nails or bolts.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Kigumi is a method that builds architectures by combining timbers that are logged to complex shapes.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Kigumi is a method that builds architectures by combining timbers that are logged to complex shapes.
<p class="correction_comment">this sentence is a little confusing to follow - do you mean timber logs are arranged in complex shapes, or the logs themselves are made of a complex material?</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If the height of the architecture is high, miyadaiku will design it so as to distribute the gravity.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
If <span class="f_red">an</span><span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">the</span></span> <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">height of the </span></span>architectur<span class="f_red">al</span><span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">e</span></span> <span class="f_red">work </span>is <span class="f_red">des</span><span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">h</span></span>ig<span class="f_red">ned to be tall</span><span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">h</span></span>, miyadaiku <span class="f_red">can</span><span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">will</span></span> design it so as to distribute the gravity<span class="f_red"> well</span>.<span class="f_red"> </span>
<p class="correction_comment">the sentence is good but this makes it more natural and academic sounding!</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 great article! I learned a lot about miyadaiku today from your entry.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/><br/>&gt; do you mean timber logs are arranged in complex shapes, or the logs themselves are made of a complex material?<br/><br/>Sorry for my confusing English.<br/>I think, if anything, what I wanted to say is the former.<br/>However, I also feel that the nuance is a little different.<br/><br/>I wanted to say something like:<br/>Miyadaiku combine timbers without nails or bolts.<br/>So they cut the joint portions of the timbers in complex shapes.<br/>You can see the examples in the following URLs:<br/><a href="http://www.zaimokuten.com/house7.html" target="_blank">http://www.zaimokuten.com/house7.html</a><br/><a href="http://daikudougu.web.fc2.com/nigatamonozukuri.html" target="_blank">http://daikudougu.web.fc2.com/nigatamonozukuri.html</a>
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Vector</span><br>
Oh, I see! I understand your sentence better now. It is grammatically good but the meaning is made clearer like this:<br/><br/>"Kigumi (timberwork) is a Japanese method where you can build complex architecture without nails or bolts. Instead, the timber itself is cut into interlocking shapes." <br/><br/>thank you for the example link! Kigumi is kind of beautiful, isn't it?<br/><br/>
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for letting me know the alternative expression!<br/><br/>Yeah, I think it's beautiful and functional :)
</div>
</div>
