---
date: 2016-07-19
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Greening of Tottori Sand Dunes</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Jul 19, 2016 09:24</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Do you know Tottori Prefecture, which has the smallest population in Japan?<br/><br/>The most popular sightseeing spot in Tottori Prefecture is "Tottori Sand Dunes."<br/><br/>Tottori Sand Dunes is a vast dunes area, which spreads to Japan coast, and you can enjoy sightseeing by a camel, a horse-drawn carriage, or foot.<br/><br/>However, I heard that recently Tottori Sand Dunes has become gradually grasslands.<br/><br/>Therefore, Tottori Prefecture has gotten rid of weeds on a large scale for saving the natural asset, Tottori Sand Dunes.<br/><br/>While many countries all over the world try to prevent desertification, only Tottori prefecture might try to prevent greening.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
鳥取砂丘の緑化<br/><br/>日本で最も人口が少ない県である鳥取県をご存知でしょうか？<br/><br/>この鳥取県で最も有名な観光名物は「鳥取砂丘」です。<br/><br/>鳥取砂丘は日本海岸に広がる広大な砂礫地であり、徒歩やラクダ、馬車などで観光することができます。<br/><br/>しかし、最近では鳥取砂丘の草原化が進んでいるそうです。<br/><br/>現在鳥取県では、自然遺産である鳥取砂丘を守るために、大規模な除草作業を行っているようです。<br/><br/>砂漠化防止の取り組みは世界で行われていますが、草原化防止の取り組みは鳥取県だけのものかもしれません。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">UsagiPlus</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Do you know Tottori Prefecture, which has the smallest population in Japan?</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The most popular sightseeing spot in Tottori Prefecture is "Tottori Sand Dunes."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Tottori Sand Dunes is a vast dunes area, which spreads to Japan coast, and you can enjoy sightseeing by a camel, a horse-drawn carriage, or foot.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Tottori Sand Dunes is a vast dunes area, which spreads to the coast of the Sea of Japan, and you can enjoy sightseeing on camel, horse-drawn carriage, or foot.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, I heard that recently Tottori Sand Dunes has become gradually grasslands.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, I heard that recently Tottori Sand Dunes is becoming more of a grassland.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, Tottori Prefecture has gotten rid of weeds on a large scale for saving the natural asset, Tottori Sand Dunes.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, Tottori Prefecture has gotten rid of weeds on a large scale in order to save the natural asset, Tottori Sand Dunes.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">While many countries all over the world try to prevent desertification, only Tottori prefecture might try to prevent greening.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
While many countries all over the world try to prevent desertification, only Tottori prefecture is trying to prevent greening.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I remember seeing weeds starting to invade the dunes when I visited ten years ago, so that there was less pure sand than I had imagined.  Otherwise, it's a beautiful spot!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post!<br/>Oh, sounds nice! Actually, although I wrote about Tottori Sand Dunes, I've never been to there. I'd like to visit someday :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">kjkj</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Do you know Tottori Prefecture, which has the smallest population in Japan?</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">The</span> <span class="f_blue">Tottori Prefecture has</span> the smallest population in Japan<span class="f_blue">.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">I often hear Japanese people use this sentence structure. It's better to simply explain instead of starting a sentence with "do you know?"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The most popular sightseeing spot in Tottori Prefecture is "Tottori Sand Dunes."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The most popular <span class="f_blue">attraction</span> in Tottori Prefecture is <span class="f_blue">the Tottori Sand Dunes</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Tottori Sand Dunes is a vast dunes area, which spreads to Japan coast, and you can enjoy sightseeing by a camel, a horse-drawn carriage, or foot.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">The </span>Tottori Sand Dunes is a vast <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">dunes</span></span> area<span class="f_blue"> consisting entirely of sand dunes</span>, which spreads to <span class="f_blue">the northern</span> coast<span class="f_blue"> of Japan</span>. <span class="f_blue">Tourists</span> can enjoy sightseeing by <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">a</span></span> camel, a horse-drawn carriage, or <span class="f_blue">on </span>foot.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, I heard that recently Tottori Sand Dunes has become gradually grasslands.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, I heard that recently <span class="f_blue">vegetation has started to grow over the </span>sand dunes.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, Tottori Prefecture has gotten rid of weeds on a large scale for saving the natural asset, Tottori Sand Dunes.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, Tottori Prefecture has gotten rid of weeds on a large scale <span class="f_blue">in order to save</span> <span class="f_blue">heritage site</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">While many countries all over the world try to prevent desertification, only Tottori prefecture might try to prevent greening.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
While many countries all over the world try to prevent desertification, only Tottori prefecture <span class="f_blue">would</span> try to prevent greening.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 It is best to avoid repeating "Tottori Sand Dunes" over and over again. It is good to try and think of other creative ways of saying the same thing.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
