---
date: 2016-08-17
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show"><strong><em>Hito no Uwasa mo Shichijugo-nichi</strong></em> (Gossip Lasts 75 Days)</h1>
<div class="date">Aug 17, 2016 02:56</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I will talk about the Japanese proverb "hito no uwasa mo shichijugo-nichi" (gossip lasts 75 days).<br/><br/>As the term suggests, this proverb means that any gossip doesn't last more than 75 days, and it will be forgotten naturally in due course.<br/><br/>We often use this proverb as comforting words for a person who is depressed due to his/her bad gossip, e.g., "It's okay because gossip lasts less than only 75 days. "<br/><br/>The most acceptable reason why the number 75 is used is that there were five seasons once in Japan, and one season is around 75 days.<br/><br/>That is to say, our ancestors thought that any gossip would faded when seasons change.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
人の噂も七十五日<br/><br/>今日は、日本のことわざ「人の噂も七十五日」を紹介します。<br/><br/>このことわざは文字どおり、世間でどんな噂がされていても長くは続かず、やがて自然に忘れ去られることを表します。<br/><br/>悪い噂が流れて落ち込んでいる人に対し、「人の噂も七十五日だから大丈夫だよ」のように、励ます言葉としてよく使われます。<br/><br/>七十五日である理由としては、かつて日本は年に五つの季節があり、一つの季節がおよそ七五日であったという説が有力です。<br/><br/>すなわち、季節が変われば噂も薄れてしまうということです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">We often use this proverb as comforting words for a person who is depressed due to his/her bad gossip, e.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
We often use this proverb as comforting words for a person who is depressed due to <span class="f_blue">being the subject of</span> bad gossip, e.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting! 75 days is a long time though ^_^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post! :)<br/>Yes, it might be hard to cope with bad gossip for 75 days.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!^_^<br/><br/>&gt;Yes, it might be hard to cope with bad gossip for 75 days.<br/><br/>That's for sure!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Chris</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will talk about the Japanese proverb "hito no uwasa mo shichijugo-nichi" (gossip lasts 75 days).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I will talk about the Japanese proverb<span class="f_red">,</span> "hito no uwasa mo shichijugo-nichi" (gossip lasts 75 days).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As the term suggests, this proverb means that any gossip doesn't last more than 75 days, and it will be forgotten naturally in due course.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
As the term suggests, this proverb means that <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">any </span></span>gossip doesn't last <span class="f_red">(for) </span>more than 75 days, and it will be forgotten naturally in due <span class="f_red">tim</span><span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">cours</span></span>e.
<p class="correction_comment">As the term suggests, this proverb means that gossip doesn't last for more than 75 days, and it will be forgotten naturally in due time.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">We often use this proverb as comforting words for a person who is depressed due to his/her bad gossip, e.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
We often use this proverb as comforting words for a person who is depressed due to <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">his/her </span></span>bad gossip<span class="f_red"> about [him/her]/[them]</span>, e.
<p class="correction_comment">'his/her bad gossip's sounds like the friend is the one that started the gossip</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">g., "It's okay because gossip lasts less than only 75 days.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
g., "It's okay because gossip lasts less than <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">only </span></span>75 days.
<p class="correction_comment">Or: "it's okay because gossip only lasts for less than 75 days"<br/>I think it sounds more natural without the 'only' though</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The most acceptable reason why the number 75 is used is that there were five seasons once in Japan, and one season is around 75 days.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The most <span class="f_red">(commonly) </span>accept<span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">abl</span></span>e<span class="f_red">d</span> reason why the number 75 is used is that there were <span class="f_red">once </span>five seasons <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">once </span></span>in Japan, and one season <span class="f_red">wa</span><span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">i</span></span>s around 75 days<span class="f_red"> long</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">The most (commonly) accepted reason why the number 75 is used is that there were once five seasons in Japan, and one season was around 75 days long .</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">That is to say, our ancestors thought that any gossip would faded when seasons change.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
That is to say, our ancestors thought that any gossip would fade<span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">d</span></span> when <span class="f_red">the </span>seasons change.
<p class="correction_comment">Or:<br/>"that is to say, our ancestors thought any gossip would have had faded by the time the season has changed"</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections and helpful explanations! (^^)
</div>
</div>
