---
date: 2016-09-26
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# Inu mo arukeba bo ni ataru
<div class="date">Sep 26, 2016 15:12</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I'd like to talk about the famous Japanese proverb "inu mo arukeba bo ni ataru."<br/><br/>The literal translation is "dogs that walk around will strike on a stick," but it expresses two different meanings.<br/><br/>One is that if you do something, you may be involved in unexpected misfortune.<br/><br/>This meaning is paired with the proverb "kaho ha nete mate," which means that everything comes to those who wait.<br/><br/>The other is that if you keep doing something, you will have unexpected fortune.<br/><br/>It is said that the latter meaning was established later.<br/><br/>I prefer the latter to the former.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
犬も歩けば棒に当たる<br/><br/>今日は、日本の有名なことわざ「犬も歩けば棒に当たる」を紹介します。<br/><br/>実はこのことわざ、全く異なる二つの意味で用いられます。<br/><br/>一つは、何かをしようとすると、それだけ災難にあう可能性があるというものです。<br/><br/>この意味は、「気長に待っていればと幸福が訪れる」ことを意味する「果報は寝て待て」と対を成します。<br/><br/>もう一つは、何かをし続けていれば、思わぬ幸運にあうというものです。<br/><br/>後者の意味は、後世に付けられたそうです。<br/><br/>私は後者の意味のほうが好きです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">tony</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Inu mo arukeba bo ni ataru</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Inu mo arukeba bo<span class="f_blue">u</span>/b<span class="f_blue">ō</span> ni ataru
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The literal translation is "dogs that walk around will strike on a stick," but it expresses two different meanings.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The literal translation is "dogs that walk around will strike on a stick," but it expresses two different meanings.
<p class="correction_comment">I would translate it as "Even if a dog just walks around, it will find a stick." The literal translation "strike" for 当たる is very misleading; "hit upon" is a bit better. Your translation is missing the meaning conveyed by も.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">One is that if you do something, you may be involved in unexpected misfortune.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
One is that if you do something, you may be involved in (an) unexpected misfortune.
<p class="correction_comment">For this interpretation, 棒に当たる seems to mean "will be hit by a stick".</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This meaning is paired with the proverb "kaho ha nete mate," which means that everything comes to those who wait.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This meaning is paired with the proverb "kaho<span class="f_blue">u</span> <span class="f_red">wa</span> nete mate," which means that everything comes to those who wait.
<p class="correction_comment">Yes, I know the kana is は, but you must still render it in romaji the way it is pronounced.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The other is that if you keep doing something, you will have unexpected fortune.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The other is that if you keep doing something, you will <span class="f_blue">eventually be fortunate</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is said that the latter meaning was established later.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I prefer the latter to the former.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/><br/>Actually, since this proverb was made in the Edo Period, some grammers and nuances might changed a bit.<br/>If I rewrite this modernly, it will be "犬が歩き回ると棒で叩かれる."<br/>In the Edo period, there were many stray dogs, and they were sometimes hit by people.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">tony</span><br>
犬が歩き回ると棒で叩かれる<br/>When dogs wander around, they get hit (by rods/sticks).<br/><br/>If this is definitely the meaning of the original, then "hit" has to be translated by a passive verb phrase ("they get hit" or "they are hit").<br/><br/>In order to understand the change in interpretation of the proverb, your reader needs to be told that 棒にあたる has changed in meaning from a passive verb phrase to an active verb phrase. The way you explained it in the entry, it seems as if the original proverb was  ambiguous in meaning, but from what you're now explaining about the original meaning of 棒に当たる, that isn't true.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Sorry for my bad explanations.<br/><br/>I wanted to say something like the following:<br/>Originally, it expressed only the meaning of "歩き回ると棒で叩かれる（不運に当たる）," but now it can also mean "歩き回ると幸運に当たる."<br/>("棒に当たる" has been an active verb phrase, but I think that it could imply a passive case.)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">tony</span><br>
That's good, but I wouldn't put the last sentence in parentheses, and I would change it as follows:<br/><br/>In modern Japanese, "棒に当たる (bou ni ataru)" can only be understood as an active verb phrase ("hit (upon) a stick"), but I think that in the past, it could also be interpreted as a passive verb phrase ("be hit by a stick").<br/><br/>If you are sure of the original meaning of the proverb, then I don't see how you could not be sure of the statement above. When you say "I think that ...", that means that you aren't sure.<br/><br/>
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for teaching me a lot :)<br/><br/>Since I got the information from the Internet, I was anxious about the correctness.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">tony</span><br>
You can express that as follows:<br/><br/>According to what I've read (on the Internet), the original meaning of the saying was "When dogs wander around, they get hit by sticks", which means that the phrase "bou ni ataru" was interpreted as a passive verb phrase ("be hit by a stick"). I modern Japanese, "bou ni ataru" is an active verb phrase meaning "hit (upon) a stick".
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for letting me know the expressions :)
</div>
</div>
