---
date: 2016-09-27
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Seahorses</h1>
<div class="date">Sep 27, 2016 00:22</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I will talk about the fish called "seahorses", which have interesting shapes.<br/><br/>Seahorses are called "tatsu no otoshigo" (babies of dragons) in Japan, because their shapes look like dragons.<br/>(In English, it was named "seahorses", because they looked like horses)<br/><br/>Interestingly, males of seahorses have brood pouches on their abdomen like females of kangaroos, and they grow their eggs laid by females up to juveniles.<br/><br/>Therefore, it looks as if males breed their children.<br/><br/>By the way, when a female lay her eggs into a brood pouch of a male, the shape of two seahorses looks heart-shaped, and it's very romantic.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
タツノオトシゴ<br/><br/>今日は変わった形をした魚「タツノオトシゴ」について話します。<br/><br/>タツノオトシゴは「竜の落とし子」という名前からわかるように、その姿が竜のように見えることで知られます。<br/>（英語では馬のように見えることから "seahorse" と名付けられました。）<br/><br/>面白いことに、タツノオトシゴのオスの腹部には、カンガルーにあるような育児嚢という袋があり、ここでメスが産んだ卵を稚魚になるまで育てます。<br/><br/>そのため、あたかもオスが出産したかのように見えます。<br/><br/>ちなみに、メスがオスの育児嚢に卵を産み付ける際、2匹のタツノオトシゴの形がハートに見えて、とてもロマンチックです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">p_m_nen</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Seahorses</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will talk about the fish called "seahorses", which have interesting shapes.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I will talk about <span class="f_blue">some</span> fish, called "seahorses<span class="f_blue">,"</span> <span class="f_blue">that</span> have interesting shapes.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Seahorses are called "tatsu no otoshigo" (babies of dragons) in Japan, because their shapes look like dragons.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">(In English, it was named "seahorses", because they looked like horses)</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
(In English, <span class="f_blue">they were</span> named "seahorses" because they looked like horses)
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Interestingly, males of seahorses have brood pouches on their abdomen like females of kangaroos, and they grow their eggs laid by females up to juveniles.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Interestingly, male<span class="sline">s of</span> seahorses have brood pouches on their abdomen<span class="f_blue">s</span>, like female<span class="sline">s of</span> kangaroos, and they <span class="f_blue">carry the</span> eggs laid by females <span class="f_blue">until the young seahorses are juveniles.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">This is a hard sentence -- my edits are just suggestions</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, it looks as if males breed their children.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, it <span class="f_blue">seems like</span> males breed their children.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, when a female lay her eggs into a brood pouch of a male, the shape of two seahorses looks heart-shaped, and it's very romantic.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
By the way, when a female lay her eggs into a <span class="f_blue">male's</span> brood pouch, the shape of <span class="f_blue">the</span> two seahorses looks <span class="f_blue">like a heart</span>, and it's very romantic.
<p class="correction_comment">it's redundant to say "shape" twice</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Very interesting post! Especially the difference between "tatsu no otoshigo" and "seahorse"
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! (^^)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Seralt</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will talk about the fish called "seahorses", which have interesting shapes.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I will talk about <span class="f_blue">seahorses</span>, which have interesting shapes.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Seahorses are called "tatsu no otoshigo" (babies of dragons) in Japan, because their shapes look like dragons.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Seahorses are called "tatsu no otoshigo" (<span class="f_red">baby dragons</span>) in <span class="f_red">Japanese</span>, because their shapes <span class="f_blue">resemble</span> dragons.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Interestingly, males of seahorses have brood pouches on their abdomen like females of kangaroos, and they grow their eggs laid by females up to juveniles.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Interestingly, <span class="f_red">male seahorses </span>have brood pouches on their abdomen<span class="f_red">s</span> like <span class="f_red">female kangaroos</span>, and they <span class="f_red">carry </span><span class="f_blue">their young from when they're eggs to juveniles.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I was surprised to learn that seahorses are technically a kind of fish. I had to double-check their biological taxonomy to be sure. It's too bad that all species of seahorse are small -- I wish there were species large enough for men to ride on, like in mythology. ^_^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for forrecting my post! <br/><br/>&gt;&gt; I wish there were species large enough for men to ride on, like in mythology. ^_^<br/>Haha, it sounds cool. One year ago, the world's biggest seahorse was found in the UK. The length was around 30cm, but bigger one may be found someday :)
</div>
</div>
