---
date: 2016-09-29
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0651_daikon-yakusha
---

# 【No. 0651】<strong><em>Daikon Yakusha</strong></em> (Daikon Radish Actor)
<div class="date">Sep 29, 2016 00:05</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Yesterday, I talked about the word "daikon ashi" (daikon radish legs).<br/><br/>Today, I'd like to talk about the Japanese word "daikon yakusya", which also uses a vegetable daikon radish.<br/><br/>The literal meaning is a daikon radish actor, and expresses an actor who gives a bad performance.<br/><br/>There are various theories about the etymology, but I will show you the two of them today.<br/><br/>One is that almost all dishes of daikon radishes never cause food poisoning ("to have food poisoning" is called "atarru" in Japan), so they came to mean "the actor won't be a big hit" ("to be a hit" is called "ataru" in Japan).<br/><br/>The othe one is that daikon radishes are white ("shiro" in Japanese), so amateurs ("shiroto" in Japanese) came to be called daikon.<br/><br/>I heard that a daikon radish actor is called "a ham actor" in English.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
大根役者<br/><br/>昨日は、大根足という言葉を紹介しました。<br/><br/>今日は、同じく大根を使った言葉「大根役者」を紹介します。<br/><br/>大根役者は、演技の下手な役者を指す言葉です。<br/><br/>語源には幾つも説がありますが、今日は代表的な二つを紹介します。<br/><br/>一つは、大根はどんな調理でも食あたりしないことから、あたらない（ヒットしない）役者を表すようになったという説です。<br/><br/>もう一つは、大根は白いので、素人の「しろ」とかけたという説です。<br/><br/>英語圏では、大根役者を "ham actor" と呼ぶそうです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">ｶﾞﾋﾞｰ</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Daikon Yakusha (Daikon Radish Actor)</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Daikon Yakusha ([the] Daikon Radish Actor)
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, I talked about the word "daikon ashi" (daikon radish legs).</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I'd like to talk about the Japanese word "daikon yakusya", which also uses a vegetable daikon radish.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I'd like to talk about the Japanese word "daikon yakusya", which has the word daikon radish in it.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The literal meaning is a daikon radish actor, and expresses an actor who gives a bad performance.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Its literal meaning is daikon radish actor, and it means an actor, who gives a bad performance.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There are various theories about the etymology, but I will show you the two of them today.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
There are various theories about the etymology, but I will only share two (of them) with you today.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">One is that almost all dishes of daikon radishes never cause food poisoning ("to have food poisoning" is called "atarru" in Japan), so they came to mean "the actor won't be a big hit" ("to be a hit" is called "ataru" in Japan).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
One is that daikon radishes <span class="f_blue">dishes </span>never <span class="f_blue">(seem to)</span> cause food poisoning ("to have food poisoning" is called "atarru" in Japan), so the expression implies that "the actor won't be a big hit" ("to be a hit" is called "ataru" in Japan).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The othe one is that daikon radishes are white ("shiro" in Japanese), so amateurs ("shiroto" in Japanese) came to be called daikon.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I heard that a daikon radish actor is called "a ham actor" in English.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Indeed when you 'ham it up' you overdo it, so a ham actor is an bad actor, who overacts. :)
 <br/>
 <br/>
 このポストは面白かったですよ。書いてくれてありがとうございます。
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/>And thank you for letting me know the information about "a hum actor" :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">atsui</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There are various theories about the etymology, but I will show you the two of them today.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
There are various theories about the etymology, but I will show you <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">the </span></span>two of them today.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">One is that almost all dishes of daikon radishes never cause food poisoning ("to have food poisoning" is called "atarru" in Japan), so they came to mean "the actor won't be a big hit" ("to be a hit" is called "ataru" in Japan).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
One is that almost all<span class="f_blue"> daikon radish dishes</span> never cause food poisoning ("to have food poisoning" is called "atarru" in Japan), so they came to mean "the actor won't be a big hit" ("to be a hit" is called "ataru" in Japan).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The othe one is that daikon radishes are white ("shiro" in Japanese), so amateurs ("shiroto" in Japanese) came to be called daikon.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The <span class="f_blue">other</span> one is that daikon radishes are white ("shiro" in Japanese), so amateurs ("shiroto" in Japanese) came to be called daikon.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 That's really interesting and very punny.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for the correction and your comment! (^^)
</div>
</div>
