---
date: 2016-10-06
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: "0658_ashi-wo-arau"
---

# 【No. 0658】<strong><em>Ashi wo Arau</strong></em> (Wash One's Feet)
<div class="date">Oct 6, 2016 19:12</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I will talk about the Japanese idiom "ashi wo arau."<br/><br/>The literal meaning is "to wash one's feet," and it expresses "to quit crime or evil jobs."<br/><br/>It's thought that this idiom comes from Buddhism.<br/><br/>In Buddhism, Buddhist priests walk around with their bare feet for ascetic training.<br/><br/>After they return back to temples, they wash their dirty feet for purifying spirits of evil thought in a secular world, then <br/><br/>From this fact, "ashi wo arau" (to wash one's feet) came to mean "to quit bad things."<br/><br/>There is another theory about the etymology, which comes from that Jesus Christ washed his disciple's feet, but it lacks credibility because the unspoken meaning is different.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
足を洗う<br/><br/>今日は、「足を洗う」という日本の慣用句を紹介します。<br/><br/>文字通りの意味は "to wash one's feet" ですが、「悪事や悪い仕事をやめる」ことを表します。<br/><br/>この言葉は、仏教から来ているとされています。<br/><br/>仏教において、僧は裸足で修行に出歩き、寺に戻ったら俗界の煩悩を清めるため泥足を洗いました。<br/><br/>このことから、「足を洗う」は「悪いことをやめる」という意味になりました。<br/><br/>イエス・キリストが弟子の足を洗ったことを語源とする説もありますが、意味が異なるので信憑性は薄いです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Postbank</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Ashi wo Arau (Wash One's Feet)</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Ashi wo Arau (<span class="f_blue">To </span>Wash One's Feet)
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will talk about the Japanese idiom "ashi wo arau."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The literal meaning is "to wash one's feet," and it expresses "to quit crime or evil jobs."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The literal <span class="f_blue">translation </span>is "to wash one's feet," <span class="f_blue">but</span> it <span class="f_blue">means</span> "to quit crime or evil jobs."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It's thought that this idiom comes from Buddhism.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In Buddhism, Buddhist priests walk around with their bare feet for ascetic training.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In Buddhism, <span class="f_blue">(Buddhist) </span>priests walk around<span class="f_blue"> bare feet</span> for ascetic training.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">After they return back to temples, they wash their dirty feet for purifying spirits of evil thought in a secular world, then </li>
<li class="corrected correct">
After they return to <span class="f_blue">their</span> temples, they<span class="f_blue"> then</span> wash their dirty feet to <span class="f_blue">cleanse themselves of evil thoughts from the</span> secular world.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">From this fact, "ashi wo arau" (to wash one's feet) came to mean "to quit bad things."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Henceforth</span>, "ashi wo arau" (to wash one's feet) came to mean "to quit bad things."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There is another theory about the etymology, which comes from that Jesus Christ washed his disciple's feet, but it lacks credibility because the unspoken meaning is different.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
There is another theory about <span class="f_blue">its</span> etymology, which comes from Jesus Christ <span class="f_blue">washing</span> his disciple's feet, but it lacks credibility because the unspoken meaning is different.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Yes, I did think that the reference was to Jesus' washing of his disciples' feet! It was an interesting read; Thanks for sharing!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! (^^)
</div>
</div>
