---
date: 2016-10-13
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# Atama Kakushite Shiri Kakusazu
<div class="date">Oct 13, 2016 01:16</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I will talk about the Japanese proverb "Atama kakushite shiri kakusazu," the literal meaning of which is "One hides the head, but doesn't hide the ass."<br/><br/>This proverb expresses that although someone hides some parts (head) of his/her disadvantages or crimes, other parts (ass) aren't hidden.<br/><br/>Basically, it's used when you ridicule people who believe that all things will be invisible by hiding only the part.<br/><br/>Also, the etymology of the proverb comes from a behavior of pheasants.<br/><br/>When pheasants are chased by people or other animals, they will hide by diving their heads into the grass, but their tails can be seen clearly.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
頭隠して尻隠さず<br/><br/>今日は「頭隠して尻隠さず」という日本のことわざを紹介します。<br/><br/>このことわざは、欠点や悪事の一部（頭）を隠しても、それ以外の部分（尻）は隠せていないということを意味します。<br/><br/>基本的に、一部だけを隠して全てを隠したつもりになっている人の愚かさをあざける際に用いられます。<br/><br/>語源は、キジの行動に由来すると言われています。<br/><br/>キジは追われると、草むらの中に頭を突っ込んで隠れたつもりでいますが、しっぽの部分は丸見えになっています。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">epster</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, the etymology of the proverb comes from a behavior of pheasants.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, the etymology of the proverb comes from <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">a</span></span> <span class="f_blue">the</span> behavior of pheasants.
<p class="correction_comment">Behaviour is an uncountable noun when talking about one animal, so you should say "the behaviour". You could however say "I'm studying the behaviours of many animal species in my lab".</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Great writing! Keep it up!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction and explanation! (^^)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Vale__s</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will talk about the Japanese proverb "Atama kakushite shiri kakusazu," the literal meaning of which is "One hides the head, but doesn't hide the ass."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I will talk about the Japanese proverb "Atama kakushite shiri kakusazu," the literal meaning of which is "One hides the head, but doesn't hide the ass."
<p class="correction_comment">Or "You can hide the head, but can't hide your ass"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This proverb expresses that although someone hides some parts (head) of his/her disadvantages or crimes, other parts (ass) aren't hidden.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This proverb <span class="f_blue">says </span>that although someone<span class="f_blue"> can </span>hide<span class="sline">s</span> some parts (head) of his/her <span class="sline">disadvantages or </span>crimes, other parts (ass) <span class="f_blue">can't be </span>hidden.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Basically, it's used when you ridicule people who believe that all things will be invisible by hiding only the part.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Basically, it's used when you ridicule people who believe that all things will be invisible by hiding <span class="sline">only the part.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, the etymology of the proverb comes from a behavior of pheasants.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, the etymology of the proverb comes from <span class="f_red">the </span>behavior of pheasants.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When pheasants are chased by people or other animals, they will hide by diving their heads into the grass, but their tails can be seen clearly.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Vale__s</span><br>
You're welcome! :)
</div>
</div>
