---
date: 2016-10-23
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: "0675_a-university-festival"
---

# 【No. 0675】A University Festival
<div class="date">Oct 23, 2016 15:44</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
From yesterday to today, a school festival was held in our university.<br/><br/>There were a huge variety of booths, and it was exciting.<br/><br/>Our laboratory exhibited student's study posters, but it was not thriving very much.<br/><br/>On the other hand, our neighbor laboratory exhibited various games made by students and visitors could get some candies if they cleared some stages of these games.<br/><br/>This room was very popular among children and students, and it looked very prosperous.<br/><br/>Since we realized that we needed interesting ingenuities in order to collect more people, we would like to improve toward the next festival. 
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
学園祭<br/><br/>昨日から今日にかけて、私の大学では学園祭が行われました。<br/><br/>色々な模擬店が並び、とても活気がありました。<br/><br/>私達の研究室は、ポスター展示で研究紹介を行いましたが、残念ながらあまり人は来ませんでした。<br/><br/>隣の研究室ではゲーム展示を行い、ゲームをクリアするとお菓子をもらえるという内容でした。<br/><br/>こちらは子どもたちに大人気で、人が多く来ていました。<br/><br/>もう少し楽しんでもらえる工夫が必要だと実感したので、次回に活かしたいです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">thethinker83</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">From yesterday to today, a school festival was held in our university.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
From yesterday to today, a school festival was held <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">in</span></span> <span class="f_blue">at </span>our university.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There were a huge variety of booths, and it was exciting.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
There <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">were</span></span> <span class="f_blue">was </span>a huge variety of booths, and it was exciting.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Our laboratory exhibited student's study posters, but it was not thriving very much.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Our laboratory exhibited <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">student's</span></span> <span class="f_blue">students' </span>study posters, but it was not <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">thriving</span></span> very <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">much</span></span> <span class="f_blue">active</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">For the possessive of plural forms ending in 's', the apostrophe is attached after the 's', not before.<br/><br/>"Thriving" seems a little unnatural for this situation.  The literal translation of your Japanese would have been "...but not many people came", but I tried to change it as little as possible.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">On the other hand, our neighbor laboratory exhibited various games made by students and visitors could get some candies if they cleared some stages of these games.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This room was very popular among children and students, and it looked very prosperous.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This room was very popular among children and students, and it looked very <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">prosperous</span></span> <span class="f_blue">active</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">"Prosperous" is usually used to describe longer-term activity.  It's not typically used for a short-term event like this.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since we realized that we needed interesting ingenuities in order to collect more people, we would like to improve toward the next festival.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since we realized that we needed interesting <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">ingenuities</span></span> <span class="f_blue">ideas</span> in order to collect more people, we would like to improve toward the next festival.
<p class="correction_comment">"Ideas" might not be an accurate translation of 工夫, but it fits better in this sentence.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I guess you just need more games next time ;)
 <br/>
 <br/>
 I'd like to know more about the festival.  What kinds of study posters and games were there?
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections and explanations!<br/>The major theme of our laboratory is computer visualization.<br/>For example, in our studies, one visualized damages of landslides on a simulation, one developed a virtual cooking simulation using a HMD and a haptic device, and the other analyzed the relationships between SNSs and mental illnesses.<br/>The games were developed mainly for kids, for example, there were a English word learning game, a simple action game like Mario Bros., and a simple puzzle game.
</div>
</div>
