---
date: 2016-11-07
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show"><strong><em>Miso wo Tsukeru</strong></em> (Put Miso)</h1>
<div class="date">Nov 7, 2016 10:07</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I will talk about the Japanese idiom "miso wo tsukeru."<br/><br/>"Miso" is fermented soybean paste, and "miso wo tsukeru" literally means "put miso (on surface of something)."<br/><br/>In addition to the literal meaning, "miso wo tsukeru" can express "to fail in something" or "to lose face."<br/><br/>In the past in Japan, people put miso on burn areas as a private treatment method.<br/><br/>Since burn wounds imply some sort of failure, the phrase "miso wo tsukeru" (put miso on burn areas) came to imply failure too.<br/><br/>Note that this phrase can express the literal meaning like "kyuri ni miso wo tsukeru" (put miso on the cucumber).
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
味噌をつける<br/><br/>今日は「味噌をつける」という日本の慣用句を紹介します。<br/><br/>「味噌をつける」は「失敗して恥をかくこと」や「面目を失うこと」を表します。<br/><br/>かつて日本では、火傷の民間治療として味噌をぬっていたそうです。<br/><br/>火傷は何らかの失敗によるものであるため、「味噌をつける」ということは「失敗」を示唆することになります。<br/><br/>もちろん、「きゅうりに味噌をつける」のように文字通りの意味を表すこともあるので、注意して下さい。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">borges</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I will talk about the Japanese idiom "miso wo tsukeru."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Miso" is fermented soybean paste, and "miso wo tsukeru" literally means "put miso (on surface of something)."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
"Miso" is fermented soybean paste, and "miso wo tsukeru" literally means "put miso (on the surface of something)."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In addition to the literal meaning, "miso wo tsukeru" can express "to fail in something" or "to lose face."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In the past in Japan, people put miso on burn areas as a private treatment method.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In the past in Japan, people put miso on burned areas as a <span class="sline">private</span> treatment method.
<p class="correction_comment">I am not sure what you mean here. What is a "private treatment method"? Are you referring to the privates, as in genitals?</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since burn wounds imply some sort of failure, the phrase "miso wo tsukeru" (put miso on burn areas) came to imply failure too.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Note that this phrase can express the literal meaning like "kyuri ni miso wo tsukeru" (put miso on the cucumber).</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Overall, very well done!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)<br/>I'm sorry my reply is late. <br/><br/>&gt; I am not sure what you mean here. What is a "private treatment method"? Are you referring to the privates, as in genitals?<br/><br/>Ah, maybe I completely failed to translate my sentence here.<br/>Actually, I wanted to say something like "a treatment that is given in general household in Japan." Also, my dictionary says that it (the Japanese word written in my native version) is "home remedy," "folk therapy," or "a popular cure."
</div>
</div>
