---
date: 2016-11-27
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0710_sarumane
---

# 【No. 0710】Sarumane
<div class="date">Nov 27, 2016 19:13</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I will talk about the Japanese word "sarumane."<br/><br/>"Sarumane" means to imitate acts or surfaces of other people without thinking.<br/><br/>The etymology is very simple: "saru" means "monkey", "mane" means "to imitate", and "sarumane" comes from the fact that monkeys often imitate people's acts without reason.<br/><br/>Basically, to imitate something merely without your own thinking will not work well.<br/><br/>Therefore, "sarumane" is a derogatory word against such people.<br/><br/>According to the dictionary web site, this word can be translated into "awkward imitation", "poor imitation", or "cheap imitation" in English.<br/><br/>By the way, I also found the word "copycat".<br/><br/>I think that "copycat" is appropriate as a translation of "sarumane".
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
猿真似<br/><br/>今日は「猿真似」という言葉を紹介します。<br/><br/>「猿真似」は、考えもなく人の動作やうわべだけを真似することを言います。<br/><br/>語源はとてもシンプルで、猿が人の動作を意味もなく真似ることから来ています。<br/><br/>基本的に、自分の考えなし真似をするだけではうまくいきません。<br/><br/>そのため、「猿真似」はそのような人たちを軽蔑する際に使われる言葉です。<br/><br/>辞書サイトによると、英語では "awkward imitation" や "poor imitation", "cheap imitation" などと訳されることがあるようです。<br/><br/>また、「模倣者」を意味する "copycat" という単語も見つけました。<br/><br/>こちらのほうが、「猿真似」の訳として適切だと思います。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Jacob</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I will talk about the Japanese word "sarumane."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Sarumane" means to imitate acts or surfaces of other people without thinking.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
"Sarumane" means to imitate acts or <span class="f_blue">surfaces</span> of other people without thinking.
<p class="correction_comment">Not sure what you mean by "surfaces"?</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The etymology is very simple: "saru" means "monkey", "mane" means "to imitate", and "sarumane" comes from the fact that monkeys often imitate people's acts without reason.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Basically, to imitate something merely without your own thinking will not work well.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Basically, to imitate something <span class="sline">merely</span> without your own thinking will not work well.
<p class="correction_comment">"merely" feels a bit odd here. It's like "only".</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, "sarumane" is a derogatory word against such people.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to the dictionary web site, this word can be translated into "awkward imitation", "poor imitation", or "cheap imitation" in English.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to <span class="sline">the dictionary web site</span> <span class="f_red">an online dictionary</span>, this word can be translated into "awkward imitation", "poor imitation", or "cheap imitation" in English.
<p class="correction_comment">There isn't a single dictionary website, which is suggested by the use of "the". I reworded it to be a bit more natural.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, I also found the word "copycat".</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think that "copycat" is appropriate as a translation of "sarumane".</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Great work! I was able to read this easily. Just a couple of small changes to make it sound more natural.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! (^^)<br/><br/>&gt; Not sure what you mean by "surfaces"?<br/>Oh, sorry. I literally translated my Japanese word "うわべ" into "surfaces", but it might not make sense in English.<br/>I wanted to express something like "apperance" or "semblance" by using "surface".
</div>
</div>
