---
date: 2016-12-02
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# <strong><em>Hebi ni Niramareta Kaeru</strong></em> (A Frog Aimed by a Snake)
<div class="date">Dec 2, 2016 22:33</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I will talk about the Japanese proverb "hebi ni niramareta kaeru."<br/><br/>The literal meaning of this proverb is "a frog aimed by a snake," and it expresses that someone stands frozen in front of something scary.<br/><br/>Since snakes swallow frogs, snakes are regarded as a natural enemy of frogs, and this proverb was made.<br/><br/>By the way, it is famous in Japan that snakes, frogs and slugs are natural enemies to each other; this relationship is called "sansukumi" (three-way standoff), and it is similar to scissors-paper-rock.<br/><br/>Frogs can eat slugs, but snakes' venom doesn<em>t work to slugs, and slugs</em> mucus melt snakes' body.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
蛇に睨まれた蛙<br/><br/>今日は「蛇に睨まれた蛙」ということわざを紹介します。<br/><br/>このことわざは、苦手なものや怖いものの前で、立ちすくんでしまう様子を表します。<br/><br/>蛇は蛙を丸呑みすることから、蛇は蛙の天敵とされ、このようなことわざができました。<br/><br/>ちなみに、蛇と蛙とナメクジは、じゃんけんのように三すくみの関係にあることで有名です。<br/><br/>蛙はナメクジを食べることができますが、ナメクジには蛇毒が効かず、身体の粘液で蛇を溶かしてしまいます。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since snakes swallow frogs, snakes are regarded as a natural enemy of frogs, and this proverb was made.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since snakes swallow frogs, snakes (or: <span class="f_blue">they</span>) are regarded as frogs` natural enem<span class="f_blue">ies</span>, and <span class="f_blue">so </span>this proverb <span class="f_blue">originated</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, it is famous in Japan that snakes, frogs and slugs are natural enemies to each other; this relationship is called "sansukumi" (three-way standoff), and it is similar to scissors-paper-rock.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
By the way, it is <span class="f_blue">well-known</span> in Japan that snakes, frogs and slugs are natural enemies to each other; this relationship is called "sansukumi" (three-way standoff), and it is similar to scissors-paper-rock.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Frogs can eat slugs, but snakes' venom doesn't work to slugs, and slugs' mucus melt snakes' body.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Frogs can eat slugs, but snakes' venom doesn't work to slugs, and slugs <span class="f_blue">can dissolve</span> snakes <span class="f_blue">with their</span> mucus.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting! The animal world is cruel sometimes...
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post!<br/>Yes, it's "弱肉強食".
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
You're welcome!<br/><br/>&gt;Yes, it's "弱肉強食".<br/><br/>Sad but true..
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">krillin</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I will talk about the Japanese proverb "hebi ni niramareta kaeru."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The literal meaning of this proverb is "a frog aimed by a snake," and it expresses that someone stands frozen in front of something scary.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The literal meaning of this proverb is "a frog aimed by a snake," and it <span class="f_bold"><span class="f_blue">describes the state of</span></span> someone<span class="f_gray"> weak</span> <span class="f_blue">unable to move</span> <span class="f_blue">before</span> something scary.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since snakes swallow frogs, snakes are regarded as a natural enemy of frogs, and this proverb was made.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since snakes swallow frogs, snakes <span class="f_blue">are frogs</span>` natural enemy , and <span class="f_blue">that`s how this </span> proverb was made.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">By the way, it is famous in Japan that snakes, frogs and slugs are natural enemies to each other; this relationship is called "sansukumi" (three-way standoff), and it is similar to scissors-paper-rock.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
By the way, it is famous in Japan that snakes, frogs and slugs are natural enemies to each other; this relationship is called "sansukumi" (three-way standoff), and is similar to scissors-paper-rock.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Frogs can eat slugs, but snakes' venom doesn't work to slugs, and slugs' mucus melt snakes' body.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Frogs can eat slugs, but snakes' venom doesn't work/<span class="f_blue">isn`t effective</span> <span class="f_red">on</span> slugs, while slugs' mucus melts/dissolves snakes' body.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
