---
date: 2017-01-02
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">New Year's Holiday</h1>
<div class="date">Jan 2, 2017 19:24</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I spent slow-paced time with my family.<br/><br/>First I took a shower, had a breakfast, then played with my nephew and niece.<br/><br/>After that, I did my work of university until around evening, then my family went to a yakiniku shop (beef barbecue restaurant) to eat dinner with my brother's family.<br/><br/>I ate yakiniku after a long time, and it was delicious and satisfying. <br/><br/>Although it is almost night in Japan, I will go back to the area where I am working to avoid a major traffic jam.<br/><br/>I will be careful not to fall asleep and cause a traffic accident.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
正月休み<br/><br/>今日は一日、ゆっくりと過ごしました。<br/><br/>まずシャワーを浴び、朝ごはんを食べ、甥っ子と姪っ子と遊びました。<br/><br/>お昼から夕方までは大学の仕事をして、夕飯は私の家族と義兄の家族で焼肉を食べに行きました。<br/><br/>久しぶりの焼肉は美味しく、とても満足しました。<br/><br/>もうすぐ夜ですが、渋滞を避けるためにこれから私の働いている地域に戻ろうと思います。<br/><br/>眠って事故を起こさないように気をつけます。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">youyahoo</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I spent slow-paced time with my family.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today I spent <span class="f_blue">a</span> slow-paced <span class="f_blue">day</span> with my family.
<p class="correction_comment">I think you mean just a slow/relaxing time, ya? If so, then use that correction</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">First I took a shower, had a breakfast, then played with my nephew and niece.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
First, I took a shower <span class="f_blue">and</span> had breakfast, then played with my nephew and niece.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">After that, I did my work of university until around evening, then my family went to a yakiniku shop (beef barbecue restaurant) to eat dinner with my brother's family.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
After that, I did my <span class="f_blue">university work</span> until around evening, then my family went to a yakiniku shop (beef barbecue restaurant) to eat dinner with my brother's family.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I ate yakiniku after a long time, and it was delicious and satisfying.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">It has been a while since</span> I ate yakiniku, and it was delicious and satisfying.
<p class="correction_comment">I am not sure if you havn't ate yakiniku in a while or it just took you long to eat it</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although it is almost night in Japan, I will go back to the area where I am working to avoid a major traffic jam.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I will be careful not to fall asleep and cause a traffic accident.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I will be careful not to fall asleep<span class="f_blue">, in order to avoid causing</span> a traffic accident.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections!<br/>&gt; I am not sure if you havn't ate yakiniku in a while or it just took you long to eat it<br/>Sorry for my confusing English.<br/>I wanted to say the former -- "I haven't eaten yakiniku in a while."
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">IrishAlex</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I spent slow-paced time with my family.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today I spent <span class="f_blue">some quality </span>time with my family.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">After that, I did my work of university until around evening, then my family went to a yakiniku shop (beef barbecue restaurant) to eat dinner with my brother's family.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
After that, I did my work <span class="f_blue">for the </span>university until <span class="f_blue">the </span>evening, then my family <span class="f_blue">and I </span>went to a yakiniku shop (beef barbecue restaurant) to eat dinner with my brother's family.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I ate yakiniku after a long time, and it was delicious and satisfying.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I <span class="f_blue">hadn't eaten </span>yakiniku <span class="f_blue">for</span> a long time, and it was delicious and satisfying.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although it is almost night in Japan, I will go back to the area where I am working to avoid a major traffic jam.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although it is almost night in Japan, I will go back to the area where I work to avoid a<span class="f_blue">ny</span> major traffic jam.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I will be careful not to fall asleep and cause a traffic accident.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
