---
date: 2017-01-05
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Itachi Gokko</h1>
<div class="date">Jan 5, 2017 17:57</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I will talk about the Japanese idiom "itachi gokko".<br/><br/>The literal meaning of "itachi gokko" is "to pretend a weasel", and it means that two people repeat a same thing to each other, and it will not make any progress.<br/><br/>This idiom comes from a children's play that was popular in the late Edo period.<br/><br/>The play called "itachi gokko" is: two children pinch the back of the other's hand alternately, while saying "itachi gokko" (to pretend a weasel) and "nezumi gokko" (to pretend a mouse).<br/><br/>Since this play is just to do the same thing repeatedly, and has no end, it has come to express the above meaning.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
いたちごっこ<br/><br/>今日は「いたちごっこ」という日本の慣用句を紹介します。<br/><br/>「いたちごっこ」は、互いに同じことを繰り返し、埒が明かないことを意味します。<br/><br/>この言葉は、江戸時代後期に流行った子どもの遊びに由来します。<br/><br/>「いたちごっこ」と呼ばれる遊びは、二人一組となり、「いたちごっこ」「ねずみごっと」と言いながら相手の手の甲を順につねっていくものです。<br/><br/>この遊びは同じことの繰り返しで終わりがないことから、現在の意味を持つようになりました。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">ブラック・チェリー</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I will talk about the Japanese idiom "itachi gokko".</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today I will talk about the Japanese idiom "itachi gokko<span class="f_blue">.</span>"
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The literal meaning of "itachi gokko" is "to pretend a weasel", and it means that two people repeat a same thing to each other, and it will not make any progress.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The literal meaning of "itachi gokko" is "to pretend a weasel," and it means that two people repeat <span class="f_blue">the</span> same thing to each other, and <span class="f_blue">they</span> will not make any progress.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This idiom comes from a children's play that was popular in the late Edo period.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This idiom comes from a children's <span class="f_blue">game</span> that was popular in the late Edo period.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The play called "itachi gokko" is: two children pinch the back of the other's hand alternately, while saying "itachi gokko" (to pretend a weasel) and "nezumi gokko" (to pretend a mouse).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The <span class="f_blue">game</span>, called "itachi gokko," is: two children pinch the back of the other's hand alternately, while saying "itachi gokko" (to pretend a weasel) and "nezumi gokko" (to pretend a mouse).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since this play is just to do the same thing repeatedly, and has no end, it has come to express the above meaning.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since this <span class="f_blue">game</span> is just to do the same thing repeatedly, and has no end, it has come to express the above meaning.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">IrishAlex</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I will talk about the Japanese idiom "itachi gokko".</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The literal meaning of "itachi gokko" is "to pretend a weasel", and it means that two people repeat a same thing to each other, and it will not make any progress.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The literal meaning of "itachi gokko" is "to <span class="f_blue">mimick</span> a weasel", and it means that two people repeat <span class="f_blue">the</span> same thing to each other, and <span class="f_blue">they won't </span>make any progress.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The play called "itachi gokko" is: two children pinch the back of the other's hand alternately, while saying "itachi gokko" (to pretend a weasel) and "nezumi gokko" (to pretend a mouse).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The <span class="f_blue">children's game</span> called "itachi gokko" is: two children pinch the back of the other's hand alternately, while saying "itachi gokko" (to <span class="f_blue">mimick</span> a weasel) and "nezumi gokko" (to <span class="f_blue">mimick</span> a mouse).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since this play is just to do the same thing repeatedly, and has no end, it has come to express the above meaning.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since this <span class="f_blue">game </span>is just <span class="f_blue">about mimicking </span>the same thing repeatedly and has no end, it has come to express the above meaning.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
