---
date: 2017-01-20
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
---

# Deadline for Graduation Thesis
<div class="date">Jan 20, 2017 20:53</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
At the university where I work, today was a deadline for graduation thesis.<br/><br/>Students have been writing their theses all over creation for the last couple of days.<br/><br/>Yesterday, I had to help students' studies until late at night.<br/><br/>It was hell in many ways and I was exhausted.<br/><br/>Since the entrance gate closes during the midnight, I could not go home and I had to stay the night at my university.<br/><br/>Next, students will prepare for the graduation research presentation, which will be held in two weeks.<br/><br/>I sincerely want students to prepare for the presentation as early as possible.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
卒業論文の締切<br/><br/>私の勤める大学では、今日が卒業論文の提出締切日でした。<br/><br/>学生たちはここ数日で必死に卒論を仕上げていました。<br/><br/>私も昨日は夜遅くまで、学生の手伝いをする必要がありました。<br/><br/>かなり大変で、くたびれました。<br/><br/>門は夜の間閉鎖されるので、帰ることができず、大学に泊まらなければなりませんでした。<br/><br/>次は、二週間後の研究発表会に向けて、準備をしていきます。<br/><br/>今後は、もっと早くから準備を進めてもらいたいと切に願います。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">ksionsze</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Deadline for Graduation Thesis</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">At the university where I work, today was a deadline for graduation thesis.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
At the university where I work <span class="f_red">the</span> deadline for <span class="f_red">submitting</span> a graduation thesis <span class="f_red">expired</span> <span class="f_blue">today</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Students have been writing their theses all over creation for the last couple of days.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Students have been writing their theses <span class="f_red">frantically</span> for the last couple of days.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, I had to help students' studies until late at night.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Yesterday I had to help <span class="f_red">them</span> <span class="f_blue">study</span> until late at night.
<p class="correction_comment">It's not necessary to put a comma after "yesterday" but it's not a mistake either.<br/><br/>In my opinion "helping students' studies" doesn't sound natural... But you mentioned the students in the previous sentence, so you can just say "them" and add a verb instead</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It was hell in many ways and I was exhausted.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It was hell in many ways<span class="f_red">,</span> and I was exhausted.
<p class="correction_comment">In this sentence "and" joins two clauses, so you can use a comma here</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since the entrance gate closes during the midnight, I could not go home and I had to stay the night at my university.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since the entrance gate <span class="f_red">is closed after</span> midnight, I could not go home and I had to stay the night at my university.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Next, students will prepare for the graduation research presentation, which will be held in two weeks.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Next, the students will prepare for the <span class="f_blue">graduate</span> research presentation, which<span class="f_red"> is due </span>in two weeks.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I sincerely want students to prepare for the presentation as early as possible.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I <span class="f_red">really</span> want students to prepare for the presentation as early as possible.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
