---
date: 2017-02-06
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: 0781_checking-in-without-accident
---

# 【No. 0781】Checking in Without Accident
<div class="date">Feb 6, 2017 23:57</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I was moving almost all day.<br/><br/>It took about twenty-one hours from Tokyo to Brussels via Dubai.<br/><br/>I ate airplane food four times in total.<br/><br/>And now, I finally arrived at Leuven, then checked into a hotel with no accident.<br/><br/>I am very very tired but really relieved.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, I couldn't prepare my presentation in the airplane very much, I have to finish it in this hotel from now.<br/><br/>I walked this town only from the station to the hotel, but I felt Leuven was very beautiful location.<br/><br/>I'd like to go sightseeing slowly after the conference is over.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
無事にチェックイン<br/><br/>今日は一日中移動していました。<br/><br/>東京からドバイ経由でブリュッセルまで、21時間くらいかかりました。<br/><br/>機内食は合計4回食べました。<br/><br/>そして今、ようやくルーベンに到着し、ホテルにチェックインが完了しました。<br/><br/>とても、とても疲れましたが、本当に安心しています。<br/><br/>結局飛行機の中ではあまりプレゼンの準備ができなかったので、これからホテルで頑張ります。<br/><br/>ルーベンは、駅からホテルまで歩いただけですが、とても素敵な街並みでした。<br/><br/>学会が終わったらゆっくり観光したいと思います。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name"></span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">And now, I finally arrived at Leuven, then checked into a hotel with no accident.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
And now, I have finally arrived at Leuven, then checked into a hotel without incident.
<p class="correction_comment">Since you start the sentence with "And now," you are introducing the present tense. It's better to say "have arrived" in the present perfect tense. But this makes the second half of the sentence sound awkward.<br/><br/>Perhaps it is better to say "I finally arrived at Leuven, then checked into a hotel without incident."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Unfortunately, I couldn't prepare my presentation in the airplane very much, I have to finish it in this hotel from now.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Unfortunately, I couldn't prepare my presentation on the airplane very much, I have to finish it in this hotel from now.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I walked this town only from the station to the hotel, but I felt Leuven was very beautiful location.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I walked through this town only from the station to the hotel, but I felt Leuven was a very beautiful location.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections and explanation! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">IrishAlex</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Checking in Without Accident</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Checking in <span class="f_blue">w</span>ithout <span class="f_blue">any problem</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I was moving almost all day.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today I was <span class="f_blue">on the </span>mov<span class="f_blue">e</span> almost all day.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It took about twenty-one hours from Tokyo to Brussels via Dubai.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I ate airplane food four times in total.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">And now, I finally arrived at Leuven, then checked into a hotel with no accident.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
And now, I <span class="f_blue">have </span>finally arrived <span class="f_blue">in </span>Leuven, then checked into a hotel with<span class="f_blue">out any issue</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I am very very tired but really relieved.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Unfortunately, I couldn't prepare my presentation in the airplane very much, I have to finish it in this hotel from now.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Unfortunately, I couldn't <span class="f_blue">work much on </span>my presentation in the airplane, <span class="f_blue">so </span>I have to finish it in th<span class="f_blue">e</span> hotel now.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I walked this town only from the station to the hotel, but I felt Leuven was very beautiful location.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I walked <span class="f_blue">through Leuven </span>only from the <span class="f_blue">railway </span>station to the hotel, but I felt <span class="f_blue">it </span>was <span class="f_blue">a </span>very beautiful location.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I'd like to go sightseeing slowly after the conference is over.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I'd like to go sightseeing <span class="f_blue">once </span>the conference is over.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Leuven is very nice! I visited it when I attended my first conference in 2006. The night life is really good (and the beer too). Enjoy!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections and comment!<br/>Now I'm very nervous!
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">IrishAlex</span><br>
I also feel nervous before making a presentation. If you have some time, try to rehearse in your hotel room. This was always helpful for me. がんばってください。
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for your advice! :)<br/>I rehearsed in my hotel 6 times, but I couldn't survive a Q &amp; A session successfully.
</div>
</div>
