---
date: 2017-03-10
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
---

# Seminar
<div class="date">Mar 10, 2017 22:25</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I went to the University of Tokyo to give a seminar.<br/><br/>As it happens, today was a day for the announcement of those who passed the university, so there were many students.<br/><br/>I thought that youth and vigorous energy were nice with a feeling of "shinmiri."<br/><br/>"Shinmiri" is a word that represents a deep feeling or a loneliness feeling.<br/><br/>In the seminar, I presented the results of my study to university teachers and companies.<br/><br/>Since I could get various questions and opinions to my study, it was a very nice opportunity for me.<br/><br/>I will do my study more from now on.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
セミナー<br/><br/>今日はセミナーをしに、東京大学へ行きました。<br/><br/>すると今日が大学の合格発表の日だったらしく、多くの受験生や在校生で賑わっていました。<br/><br/>若いっていいなぁとしんみり思いました。<br/><br/>「しんみり」とは、深く心に感じるようすや寂しい気分を表す言葉です。<br/><br/>セミナーでは、私のこれまでの研究成果を、大学の先生や企業の方々に紹介しました。<br/><br/>多くの方から研究に対する質問や意見を頂くことができ、とても良い機会となりました。<br/><br/>今後も研究を頑張っていきたいという気持ちにより一層なりました。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Timmy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As it happens, today was a day for the announcement of those who passed the university, so there were many students.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
As it happens, today was the announcement of those who passed <span class="f_blue">the entrance exams to</span> the university, so there were many students.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I will do my study more from now on.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I will <span class="f_blue">put more effort into</span> my stud<span class="f_blue">ies</span> from now on.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Nice! Public speaking is not easy Personally I would avoid it if possible ))
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/>I understand your feelings, haha.<br/>Sorry for the late reply.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Timmy</span><br>
&gt;Sorry for the late reply.<br/><br/>No problem. Better late than never)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">JayfeatherRex</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Seminar</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I went to the University of Tokyo to give a seminar.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As it happens, today was a day for the announcement of those who passed the university, so there were many students.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
As it happens, today was a day for the announcement of those who <span class="f_blue">passed the university</span>, so there were many students.
<p class="correction_comment">(in blue)<br/>This means that they were going to graduate.  I don't think that you meant this; you probably meant that they passed entrance exams.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I thought that youth and vigorous energy were nice with a feeling of "shinmiri."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Shinmiri" is a word that represents a deep feeling or a loneliness feeling.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In the seminar, I presented the results of my study to university teachers and companies.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since I could get various questions and opinions to my study, it was a very nice opportunity for me.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since I could get various <span class="f_red">opinions on </span><span class="sline">questions and opinions to </span>my study, it was a very <span class="f_red">good </span><span class="sline">nice </span>opportunity for me.
<p class="correction_comment">I had to remove the questions aspect because it doesn't really fit in.  They don't work in the same sentence--&gt;You can't say, "Since I could get various opinions and questions on my study..." since you can't get questions on a study, only about a study.  You have to choose one or the other or somehow completely rephrase it to include both.<br/><br/>"Nice" isn't used in this context.  Most of the time it's used to describe people (e.g. Mary was nice) or sort of one liner to compliment something (e.g. Nice shoes!).</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I will do my study more from now on.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I will <span class="f_red">work on </span><span class="sline">do </span>my study more from now on.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post!<br/>Your explanations are really helpful (^^)<br/><br/>&gt; you probably meant that they passed entrance exams.<br/>Yes, that's exactly what I wanted to say :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">JayfeatherRex</span><br>
No problem!  I'm glad what I said was useful :)
</div>
</div>
