---
date: 2017-03-11
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Neko (Cat)</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Mar 11, 2017 12:52</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I will talk about the Japanese word "neko," which means "cat."<br/><br/>There are several etymologies, but widely accepted ones are the following:<br/><br/>・Abbreviation of "nekoma"<br/><br/>It is said that originally neko was called "nekoma," and it became to "neko" for short.<br/><br/>As the reason why it was called nekoma, there are several theories -- one is that "ma," which means "beast" was attached to "neko," which is an abbreviation of "yoku neru ko" (a child who get a good sleep) .<br/><br/>・Deformation of the sound of a cat<br/><br/>Formerly in Japan, we referred to the sound of a cat as "neu neu."<br/><br/>It is also said that by attaching "ko," which is a suffix word that represents familiarity, to the "ne" of "neu neu," the word "neko" was born.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
猫<br/><br/>今日は「猫」という単語の語源について紹介します。<br/><br/>語源は諸説ありますが、有力なものは以下の二つです。<br/><br/>・「ネコマ」の省略<br/><br/>かつて「猫」は「ネコマ」と呼ばれていたそうで、これを省略して「猫」になったと考えられています。<br/><br/>「ネコマ」と呼ばれた理由としては、よく寝る子「寝子」に獣を意味する「マ」をつけたとする説や、寝る熊から「ネクマ」、「ネコマ」となったとする説があります。<br/><br/>・鳴き声の変形<br/><br/>かつて日本では、猫の鳴き声を「ねうねう」と表していました。<br/><br/>この「ね」に、親しみを表す接尾語の「こ」をつけて「猫」となったとも考えられています。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Cecelia13</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There are several etymologies, but widely accepted ones are the following:</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
There are several etymologies, but the following are widely accepted ones:
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is said that originally neko was called "nekoma," and it became to "neko" for short.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is said that originally neko was called "nekoma," and it became <span class="f_blue"><span class="sline">to</span></span> "neko" for short.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/>Sorry for the late reply.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">JayfeatherRex</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Neko (Cat)</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I will talk about the Japanese word "neko," which means "cat."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today I will talk about the Japanese word "neko<span class="sline">,</span>" which means "cat."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There are several etymologies, but widely accepted ones are the following:</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">・Abbreviation of "nekoma"</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="sline">・</span><span class="f_red">an abbreviation </span><span class="sline">Abbreviation </span>of "nekoma"
<p class="correction_comment">What is this dot?  It doesn't exist in English writing as far as I know.<br/><br/>For colons, whatever follows it will nearly always be lower-cased.<br/><br/>Note: As I read on, I realized the dot was sort of like a bullet point list.  This doesn't really work in normal writing, especially when you break it up like what you did.  This probably the best way to say it: "...but widely accepted ones are the following: an abbreviation of 'nekoma' and a deformation of the sound of a cat."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As the reason why it was called nekoma, there are several theories -- one is that "ma," which means "beast" was attached to "neko," which is an abbreviation of "yoku neru ko" (a child who get a good sleep) .</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
As <span class="f_red">for </span>the reason why it was called nekoma, there are several theories -- one is that "ma," which means "beast" was attached to "neko," <span class="f_blue">which</span> is an abbreviation of "yoku neru ko" (a child who <span class="f_red">gets </span><span class="sline">get </span>a good sleep).
<p class="correction_comment">(in blue)<br/>Sounds a bit odd because you're referencing something within the commas.<br/>--&gt;Within the commas = talking about the specific thing mentioned immediately before<br/>--&gt;After the commas = talking about the specific thing mentioned before commas<br/>Saying "which" twice doesn't work in this case.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">・Deformation of the sound of a cat</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="sline">・</span>Deformation of the sound of a cat
<p class="correction_comment">Reference before correction about the first bullet point.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Formerly in Japan, we referred to the sound of a cat as "neu neu."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is also said that by attaching "ko," which is a suffix word that represents familiarity, to the "ne" of "neu neu," the word "neko" was born.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is also said that by attaching "ko," which is a suffix word that represents familiarity, to the "ne" of "neu neu," the word "neko" was born.
<p class="correction_comment">This is phrased awkwardly.  I'm a little confused so I don't know how to rephrase it.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post!<br/>And sorry for my obscure sentences.<br/><br/>&gt; What is this dot?<br/>As you say in your note, I wanted to express a bullet point list. Next time, I'd like to use colons.<br/><br/>&gt; I'm a little confused so I don't know how to rephrase it.<br/>I wanted to say something like:<br/>The word "neko" was born by attaching "ko" to "ne".<br/>Where "ko" is a suffix word that implies familiarity, and "ne" is an abbreviation for "neu neu" (the sound of a cat).
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">JayfeatherRex</span><br>
No problem!<br/><br/>A pretty easy fix for that would be to say something like, "Also, it is said that the word, 'neko,' was created by combining 'ne' and 'ko,' where 'ko' is a suffix that implies familiarity, and "ne" is an abbreviation for 'neu neu.'"<br/>Another note: The reason I'm using single quotes (' ') instead of double quotes (" ") in some places is because of how quotations are done.  If you aren't familiar with this, I can explain it.
</div>
</div>
