---
date: 2017-03-16
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: 0819_planetarium
---

# 【No. 0819】Planetarium
<div class="date">Mar 16, 2017 23:45</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I went to an academic conference and listened students' presentations.<br/><br/>Sometimes I felt a kind of frightening, but they all somehow finished their presentation, so I was relieved.<br/><br/>After all of today's sessions finished, we went to a museum of science and enjoyed the world's largest planetarium.<br/><br/>Since it was quite beautiful, and I was moved I almost cried.<br/><br/>After that, we ate various local foods like hitsumabushi, tebasaki (chicken wing tips), etc.<br/><br/>They were very delicious.<br/><br/>Hitsumabushi is an eel dish that is mainly eaten in Nagoya city, Aichi prefecture.<br/><br/>Tomorrow, I will write an article about hitsumabushi.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
プラネタリウム<br/><br/>今日は学会に参加し、学生達の発表を聞きました。<br/><br/>少し冷やっとする場面もありましたが、全員うまく発表してくれて良かったです。<br/><br/>今日のセッションが一通り終わったら、皆で科学館に行き、世界最大のプラネタリウムを観ました。<br/><br/>とても綺麗で、感動して泣きそうになりました。<br/><br/>その後は、ひつまぶしや手羽先などの地元の名物をお腹いっぱい食べました。<br/><br/>とても美味しかったです。<br/><br/>ひつまぶしは愛知県名古屋市周辺でよく食される、うなぎ料理です。<br/><br/>明日はひつまぶしについて、記事を書こうと思います。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Austin</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I went to an academic conference and listened students' presentations.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today I went to an academic conference and listened to students' presentations.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Sometimes I felt a kind of frightening, but they all somehow finished their presentation, so I was relieved.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Sometimes I felt kind of frightening, but they all somehow finished their presentation, so I was relieved.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since it was quite beautiful, and I was moved I almost cried.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since it was quite beautiful, and I was so moved I almost cried.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Planetarium by Ai Otsuka is a good song.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/>Yeah, I also like the song :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">JayfeatherRex</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Planetarium</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red">The </span>Planetarium
<p class="correction_comment">Objects nearly always have an article.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Sometimes I felt a kind of frightening, but they all somehow finished their presentation, so I was relieved.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Sometimes I felt <span class="sline">a </span>kind of <span class="f_red">frightened </span><span class="sline">frightening</span>, but they all somehow finished their<span class="f_red"> presentations </span><span class="sline">presentation,</span> so I was relieved.
<p class="correction_comment">"Frightening" is a verb not an adjective.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">After all of today's sessions finished, we went to a museum of science and enjoyed the world's largest planetarium.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
After all of today's sessions finished, we went to a museum of science and <span class="f_red">saw </span><span class="sline">enjoyed </span>the world's largest planetarium.
<p class="correction_comment">"Enjoyed" isn't wrong, but it doesn't sound right.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">After that, we ate various local foods like hitsumabushi, tebasaki (chicken wing tips), etc.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
After that, we ate various local foods like <span class="f_blue">hitsumabushi</span>, tebasaki (chicken wing tips), etc.
<p class="correction_comment">(in blue)<br/>English speakers probably won't know what this is either so please write a short explanation (just like what you did with tebasaki).<br/><br/>Edit: I've seen that you mentioned it later.  It would be better to mention it now and then immediately write that it is mainly eaten in Nagoya.  After this, write that they were delicious.  Close the same way that you did.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">They were very delicious.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Hitsumabushi is an eel dish that is mainly eaten in Nagoya city, Aichi prefecture.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Hitsumabushi is an eel dish that is mainly eaten in Nagoya <span class="f_blue">city</span>, Aichi <span class="f_blue">prefecture</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">(in blue)<br/>You don't need to say "city" unless it's part of the name.  Same thing for Aichi.  Also, if they're part of the name, they should be capitalized.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Tomorrow, I will write an article about hitsumabushi.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post! (^^)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">JayfeatherRex</span><br>
No problem!
</div>
</div>
