---
date: 2017-03-19
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Close of an Academic Conference</h1>
<div class="date">Mar 19, 2017 23:57</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Yesterday, an academic conference that was held in Nagoya city was over.<br/><br/>I am very pleased because student's study presentation that contains my name as a co-author earned an encouragement award.<br/><br/>After that, I went sightseeing with students, and stayed overnight at my home, then returned back to Tokyo.<br/><br/>Since today was Sunday, I visited some sightseeing spots in Shizuoka prefecture on my way back from Nagoya to Tokyo.<br/><br/>However, tomorrow is a national holiday, so today was the middle day of three-day weekends.<br/><br/>It is said that sightseeing spots will be the most crowded in the day.<br/><br/>As expected, since I was stuck in major traffic jam, I was very tired.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
学会終了<br/><br/>昨日、名古屋で行われていた学会が終了しました。<br/><br/>共著者に名前を載せてもらっている研究発表が奨励賞を受賞したため、とても嬉しく思っています。<br/><br/>その後は、学生達と名古屋を観光し、一泊してから東京に戻りました。<br/><br/>今日は休日なので、名古屋から東京に戻る途中、静岡県の観光地を幾つか見て回りました。<br/><br/>しかし、明日が祝日であるため、今日は三連休の中日でした。<br/><br/>観光地は、中日が最も混むと言われています。<br/><br/>案の定渋滞に巻き込まれて、とても大変でした。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Blasphemy</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, an academic conference that was held in Nagoya city was over.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Yesterday, an academic conference <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">that </span></span>was held in Nagoya city<span class="sline"><span class="f_gray"> was over</span></span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I am very pleased because student's study presentation that contains my name as a co-author earned an encouragement award.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I am very pleased because <span class="f_blue">a </span>student's <span class="sline"><span class="f_gray">study </span></span>presentation that <span class="f_blue">had</span> my name as a co-author earned an encouragement award.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">After that, I went sightseeing with students, and stayed overnight at my home, then returned back to Tokyo.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
After that, I went sightseeing with students, and <span class="f_blue">they </span>stayed overnight at my home, then returned <span class="sline"><span class="f_gray">back </span></span>to Tokyo.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, tomorrow is a national holiday, so today was the middle day of three-day weekends.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, tomorrow is a national holiday, so today was the <span class="f_blue">second </span>day of <span class="f_blue">a</span> three-day weekend<span class="sline"><span class="f_red">s</span></span>.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">JayfeatherRex</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Close of an Academic Conference</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, an academic conference that was held in Nagoya city was over.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Yesterday, an academic conference that was held in Nagoya city <span class="f_red">is </span><span class="sline">was </span>over.
<p class="correction_comment">It didn't suddenly stop being over so you have to put it in present tense.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I am very pleased because student's study presentation that contains my name as a co-author earned an encouragement award.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I am very pleased because <span class="f_red">the </span>student's <span class="sline">study </span>presentation that contains my name as a co-author earned an encouragement award.
<p class="correction_comment">I think "the" would be better than "a" because you're talking about a specific presentation.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">After that, I went sightseeing with students, and stayed overnight at my home, then returned back to Tokyo.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
After that, I went sightseeing with <span class="f_red">the </span>students, and stayed overnight at my home, <span class="f_red">and </span>then returned back to Tokyo.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since today was Sunday, I visited some sightseeing spots in Shizuoka prefecture on my way back from Nagoya to Tokyo.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Since today was</span> <span class="f_blue">Sunday, I visited</span> some sightseeing spots in Shizuoka prefecture on my way back from Nagoya to Tokyo.
<p class="correction_comment">(in blue)<br/>This is worded a bit odd.  Using "today" means that you have to use "is," but since you stated something in the past, you have to use past tense.  Also, it doesn't make sense to use "since" here.  It's not immediately noticeable how it being Sunday causes you to visit some places.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is said that sightseeing spots will be the most crowded in the day.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As expected, since I was stuck in major traffic jam, I was very tired.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much always for correcting my post! (^^)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">JayfeatherRex</span><br>
No problem!
</div>
</div>
