---
date: 2017-04-21
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show"><strong><em>Madogiwa Zoku</strong></em> (Deadwood)</h1>
<div class="date">Apr 21, 2017 13:01</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I will talk about the Japanese slang term "madogiwa zoku."<br/><br/>"Madogiwa" means "windows side." "zoku" means "tribe," and "madogiwa zoku" means employees or staff (especially middle-aged and elderly people) who has been put out to pasture.<br/><br/>This term comes from "madogiwa ojisan" ("ojisan" means "elderly man"), which was used in a column of the Hokkaido Shimbun (Hokkaido newspaper) in 1977.<br/><br/>In the column, "madogiwa ojisan" was used for meaning elderly people who were discharged from management posts, and read newspapers or stare out window to kill time at the window side desks.<br/><br/>This term came to be widely used, then it became "madogiwa zoku" for general use.<br/><br/>However, I prefer to a desk at the window side.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
窓際族<br/><br/>今日は「窓際族」という俗語を紹介します。<br/><br/>「窓際族」は、日本の企業などにおいて閑職に追いやられた、主に中高年の社員や職員を指す言葉です。<br/><br/>この言葉は、1977年、北海道新聞のコラムで使われた「窓際おじさん」から来ているとされています。<br/><br/>このコラムでは、管理職から外れて仕事も与えられず窓際に追いやられ、デスクで新聞を読んだり、外を眺めて時間を潰す中高年に対して、「窓際おじさん」という言葉を使っています。<br/><br/>この言葉が広く使われるようになり、より一般的に「窓際族」となったようです。<br/><br/>ただ、私は窓際の席のほうが好きです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Ben</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I will talk about the Japanese slang term "madogiwa zoku."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Madogiwa" means "windows side." "zoku" means "tribe," and "madogiwa zoku" means employees or staff (especially middle-aged and elderly people) who has been put out to pasture.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
"Madogiwa" means "windows side." "<span class="f_red"><span class="f_bold">Z</span></span>oku" means "tribe," and "madogiwa zoku" means employees or staff (especially middle-aged and elderly people) who ha<span class="f_blue"><span class="f_bold">ve</span></span> been put out to pasture.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This term comes from "madogiwa ojisan" ("ojisan" means "elderly man"), which was used in a column of the Hokkaido Shimbun (Hokkaido newspaper) in 1977.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This term comes from "madogiwa ojisan" ("ojisan" means "elderly man"), which was used in a column <span class="f_blue"><span class="f_bold">in</span></span> the Hokkaido Shimbun (Hokkaido newspaper) in 1977.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In the column, "madogiwa ojisan" was used for meaning elderly people who were discharged from management posts, and read newspapers or stare out window to kill time at the window side desks.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In the column, "madogiwa ojisan" was used <span class="f_blue"><span class="f_bold">to refer to</span></span> elderly people who were discharged from management posts, and <span class="f_blue"><span class="f_bold">who </span></span>read newspapers or stare out window<span class="f_red"><span class="f_bold">s</span></span> to kill time <span class="sline">at the window side desks</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This term came to be widely used, then it became "madogiwa zoku" for general use.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This term came to be widely used, then it became "madogiwa zoku" <span class="f_blue"><span class="f_bold">to the general public</span></span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, I prefer to a desk at the window side.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, I prefer to <span class="f_blue"><span class="f_bold">sit at </span></span>a desk <span class="f_blue"><span class="f_bold">by a window</span></span>.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Hello, kanotown!
 <br/>
 <br/>
 I prefer desks that are by the window too. It's calming to see everything that's going on outside. It helps me focus.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post again! (^^)<br/>Yes, especially in this season in Japan, breezes from open windows are really comfortable.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Yulo</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Madogiwa" means "windows side." "zoku" means "tribe," and "madogiwa zoku" means employees or staff (especially middle-aged and elderly people) who has been put out to pasture.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
"Madogiwa" means "windows side<span class="sline">.</span>"<span class="f_red">and</span> "zoku" means "tribe," <span class="sline">and </span><span class="f_red">so together,</span> "madogiwa zoku" means employees or staff (especially middle-aged and elderly people) who has been put out to pasture.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This term comes from "madogiwa ojisan" ("ojisan" means "elderly man"), which was used in a column of the Hokkaido Shimbun (Hokkaido newspaper) in 1977.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This term comes from "madogiwa ojisan" ("ojisan" means "elderly man"), which was used in a column<span class="f_red">(article)</span> of the Hokkaido Shimbun (Hokkaido newspaper) in 1977.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In the column, "madogiwa ojisan" was used for meaning elderly people who were discharged from management posts, and read newspapers or stare out window to kill time at the window side desks.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In the column, "madogiwa ojisan" was used for meaning <span class="f_red">"</span>elderly people who were discharged from management posts, and read newspapers or stare out <span class="f_red">the</span> window to kill time at the window <span class="sline">side</span> desks.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, I prefer to a desk at the window side.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, I prefer to <span class="f_red">sit at</span> a desk at the window side.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post again! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">クライド</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, I prefer to a desk at the window side.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However,<span class="f_bold"> I prefer a desk</span> by the window.
<p class="correction_comment">これでもいい</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Great post, kanotown! :D
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction! :)
</div>
</div>
