---
date: 2017-04-23
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0857_omae
---

# 【No. 0857】<strong><em>Omae</strong></em> (You)
<div class="date">Apr 23, 2017 09:02</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I will talk about the Japanese word "omae."<br/><br/>"Omae" is a word that refers to a person in front of you -- it's something like "you."<br/><br/>Basically, this word is used for your friends or lower ranking people.<br/><br/>"Omae" was made by attaching the prefix "o" to "mae," which means "in front of," and it was originally used for Buddha or nobilities with respect.<br/><br/>Although it was used with genuine respect until around the early Edo period, the meaning of respect gradually faded, and it came to used for only your friends or lower ranking people after the Meiji period.<br/><br/>Since many Japanese people will get offended if they are called "omae," be careful when you use it.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
お前<br/><br/>今日は「お前」という言葉を紹介します。<br/><br/>「お前」は、"you" のように、目の前にいる相手を指して呼ぶ語です。<br/><br/>基本的には、同等もしくは目下の相手に対して用いられます。<br/><br/>この言葉は、「前」に接頭語の「お」を付けたもので、元々は神仏や貴人を敬って使うものでした。<br/><br/>江戸時代初期までは高い敬意を込めて用いられましたが、次第に敬意の意味が薄れ、明治時代以降は同等もしくは目下の相手を指すようになりました。<br/><br/>「お前」と呼ばれて不快に感じる日本人は多いので、あまり使わないように注意して下さい。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Ween</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I will talk about the Japanese word "omae."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Omae" is a word that refers to a person in front of you -- it's something like "you."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
"Omae" is a word that refers to a person in front of you -- <span class="sline">it's</span> <span class="f_blue">it means </span>something like "you."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Basically, this word is used for your friends or lower ranking people.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Basically, this word is used <span class="sline">for</span> <span class="f_blue">to refer to</span> your friends or lower ranking people.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Omae" was made by attaching the prefix "o" to "mae," which means "in front of," and it was originally used for Buddha or nobilities with respect.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although it was used with genuine respect until around the early Edo period, the meaning of respect gradually faded, and it came to used for only your friends or lower ranking people after the Meiji period.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since many Japanese people will get offended if they are called "omae," be careful when you use it.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Oceansea</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Omae" was made by attaching the prefix "o" to "mae," which means "in front of," and it was originally used for Buddha or nobilities with respect.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
"Omae" was made by attaching the prefix "o" to "mae," which means "in front of," and it was originally used <span class="f_red">t</span><span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">f</span></span>o<span class="f_red"> </span>r<span class="f_red">efer</span> <span class="f_red">to </span>Buddha or nobilities with respect.
<p class="correction_comment">I'd write it like this</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although it was used with genuine respect until around the early Edo period, the meaning of respect gradually faded, and it came to used for only your friends or lower ranking people after the Meiji period.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although it was used <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">wi</span></span>t<span class="f_red">o</span><span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">h</span></span> <span class="f_red">convey </span>genuine respect until around the early Edo period, the meaning of respect gradually faded, and it came to used for only your friends or lower ranking people after the Meiji period.
<p class="correction_comment">Very good place to use this vocabulary word =)<br/><br/>You could also use "to refer to" in this sentence if you want.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for the corrections! (^^)
</div>
</div>
