---
date: 2017-04-27
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 0861_yakimochi
---

# 【No. 0861】<strong><em>Yakimochi</strong></em> (Jealousy)
<div class="date">Apr 27, 2017 11:04</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I would like to talk about the Japanese word "yakimochi."<br/><br/>"Yaki" means "roasted," "mochi" means "rice cake," so "yakimochi" can literally mean "roasted rice cake," but it often used to mean "jealousy" or "envy."<br/><br/>In such a case, it is often used something like "yakimochi wo yaku," literally meaning "to roast a rice cake," and it refers "to feel jealous."<br/><br/>In Japanese, getting jealous is translated into "shitto suru," and is also said as "yaku."<br/><br/>Here, the readings of "yaku" to mean "to get jealous" and "yaku" to mean "to roast" are the same.<br/><br/>It is said that "mochi" (rice cake) was attached to this verb "yaki" as a joke, the word "yakimochi," meaning "jealousy" was born.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
やきもち<br/><br/>今日は「やきもち」という言葉を紹介します。<br/><br/>「やきもち」は文字通り「焼いた餅」を意味することもありますが、「嫉妬」や「妬み」を意味することもあります。<br/><br/>このとき、よく「やきもちをやく」のように利用されます。<br/><br/>日本語では、「嫉妬する」ことを「妬く（やく）」とも言い、これは「焼く」と同音です。<br/><br/>この「妬く」に洒落で「餅」が添えられ、「嫉妬」を意味する「やきもち」という言葉ができたとされています。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">xerik</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I would like to talk about the Japanese word "yakimochi."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Yaki" means "roasted," "mochi" means "rice cake," so "yakimochi" can literally mean "roasted rice cake," but it often used to mean "jealousy" or "envy."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
"Yaki" means "roasted" <span class="f_red">and</span> "mochi" means "rice cake"<span class="f_red">,</span> so "yakimochi" can literally mean "roasted rice cake," but it often used to mean "jealousy" or "envy."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In such a case, it is often used something like "yakimochi wo yaku," literally meaning "to roast a rice cake," and it refers "to feel jealous."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In such a case, it is often used like "yakimochi wo yaku" literally meaning "to roast a rice cake", and it <span class="f_red">means</span> "to feel jealous."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In Japanese, getting jealous is translated into "shitto suru," and is also said as "yaku."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In Japanese, getting jealous is translated into "shitto suru", and <span class="f_red">it</span> is also said as "yaku."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Here, the readings of "yaku" to mean "to get jealous" and "yaku" to mean "to roast" are the same.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Here, the reading of "yaku" means "to get jealous" and "yaku" to mean "to roast" are the same.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is said that "mochi" (rice cake) was attached to this verb "yaki" as a joke, the word "yakimochi," meaning "jealousy" was born.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is said that "mochi" (rice cake) was attached to<span class="f_red"> the </span>verb "yaki" as a joke, the word "yakimochi", meaning "jealousy", was born.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 面白いです。commas usually do not go inside the quotation marks.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)<br/>Actually, some other people said that commas and periods should always go inside quotation marks.<br/>I think that the rule is depending on the region/country.<br/><a href="http://www.grammarbook.com/punctuation/quotes.asp" target="_blank">http://www.grammarbook.com/punctuation/quotes.asp</a>
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">xerik</span><br>
For quotes or speech, I definitely agrees. But, i thought for terms, one wouldn't. But, I seem to be the odd man out on this one. Thank you for the source. :) 
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Oceansea</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In such a case, it is often used something like "yakimochi wo yaku," literally meaning "to roast a rice cake," and it refers "to feel jealous."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In such a case, it is often used something like "yakimochi wo yaku," literally meaning "to roast a rice cake," and it refers <span class="f_red">to jealousy</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">Xerik's correction is good.<br/>I'm not sure if you can put an exact definition in quotes after "refers to," so I would write it like this. Or, I would write it how xerik suggested.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In Japanese, getting jealous is translated into "shitto suru," and is also said as "yaku."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In Japanese, getting jealous is translated <span class="sline"><span class="f_gray">into </span></span><span class="f_red">as </span>"shitto suru," and is also said as "yaku."
<p class="correction_comment">Consider this Japanese sentence and the following English instruction:<br/><br/>私は本を読みます。<br/><br/>"In this sentence, please translate "hon" as English.<br/>"In this sentence, please translate "hon" into English.<br/><br/>The first sentence is wrong. The second sentence is correct. If you tried to obey the first sentence, then this would happen:<br/><br/> 私は本を読みます。=  "I like the English." (Instead of "I like the book.")<br/><br/>If you obeyed the second sentence, this would happen:<br/><br/>私は本を読みます。=  "私は book を読みます。"<br/><br/>Also, in your sentence, we already have the English word "jealous" and the Japanese word "shitto suru." We cannot say "into." We have to say "as." We already know both words. We know which Japanese word we want to use to represent the English word.<br/><br/>Does that make sense? Sorry... I don't know how to explain it any better, so I gave an example.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Here, the readings of "yaku" to mean "to get jealous" and "yaku" to mean "to roast" are the same.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Here, the readings of "yaku" <span class="f_blue">meaning </span>"to get jealous" and "yaku" <span class="f_blue">meaning </span>"to roast" are the same.
<p class="correction_comment">The easiest way.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for the corrections and the informative comment!<br/>I learned something new (^^)
</div>
</div>
