---
date: 2017-04-29
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show"><strong><em>Piero</strong></em> (Pierrot)</h1>
<div class="date">Apr 29, 2017 21:25</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I would like to talk about the word "piero."<br/><br/>"Piero" means a performer who puts on lots of makeup and entertains people by his funny looks and actions.<br/><br/>There is the Japanese word "doukeshi," which has the same meaning of "piero," but "piero" is more commonly used.<br/><br/>The word "piero" was derived from the French word "pierrot," which is a nickname of a role in a comedy show.<br/><br/>Actually, "piero" that is referred to in Japan is equivalent to "clown" for other countries, including France.<br/><br/>I heard that Japanese called "clown" "piero" by mistake, and it has become widespread.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
ピエロ<br/><br/>今日は「ピエロ」について話します。<br/><br/>ピエロとは、サーカスなどで派手なメイクをし、滑稽な恰好や動作で人々を楽しませる者を指します。<br/><br/>日本語には「道化師」という言葉がありますが、「ピエロ」のほうが一般的に使用されます。<br/><br/>「ピエロ」は、フランス語の "pierrot" （ある劇の役名の愛称）から来ております。<br/><br/>実は、日本人が言う「ピエロ」は、フランスを含め他の国では「クラウン」と呼びます。<br/><br/>日本人が「クラウン」を間違えて「ピエロ」と呼び、それが浸透してしまっているようです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Calvin</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Piero (Pierrot)</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I would like to talk about the word "piero."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Piero" means a performer who puts on lots of makeup and entertains people by his funny looks and actions.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
"Piero" <span class="sline">means</span> <span class="f_blue">is</span> a performer who puts on lots of makeup and entertains people <span class="sline">by</span> <span class="f_blue">with</span> his funny looks and actions.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There is the Japanese word "doukeshi," which has the same meaning of "piero," but "piero" is more commonly used.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
There is the Japanese word "doukeshi," which has the same meaning <span class="sline">of</span> <span class="f_blue">as</span> "piero," but "piero" is more commonly used.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The word "piero" was derived from the French word "pierrot," which is a nickname of a role in a comedy show.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The word "piero" was derived from the French word "pierrot," which is <span class="sline">a</span> <span class="f_blue">the</span> nickname of a role in a comedy show.
<p class="correction_comment">"a nickname" doesn't sound wrong, but "the nickname" sounds more natural, because you started the sentence with "The word"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Actually, "piero" that is referred to in Japan is equivalent to "clown" for other countries, including France.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Actually, "piero" that is referred to in Japan is equivalent to "clown" <span class="sline">for</span> <span class="f_blue">in</span> other countries, including France.
<p class="correction_comment">"for" is also not wrong, "in" sounds better because it parallels "in Japan"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I heard that Japanese called "clown" "piero" by mistake, and it has become widespread.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I heard that Japanese <span class="f_blue">people</span> <span class="sline">called</span> <span class="f_blue">started calling</span> <span class="f_blue">clowns</span> "piero" by mistake, and it has become widespread.
<p class="correction_comment">"called" sounds like a single instance, but since it was over a period of time "calling" sounds more natural.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! (^^)
</div>
</div>
