---
date: 2017-05-08
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Anpontan</h1>
<div class="date">May 8, 2017 10:06</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I'd like to talk about the term "anpontan."<br/><br/>"Anpontan" is a term that is used to rail at someone's stupidity as well as "baka" and "aho."<br/>(For more information on the word “baka,” please refer to my yesterday’s post.)<br/><br/>However, since the rhythm of the term is funny and light, it's softer expression compared to "baka" and "aho."<br/><br/>Also, "anpontan" is often used with a kind of affection -- it's just like when a mother scolds her child gently.<br/><br/>It is thought that this term comes from "ahondara," which is a composite word of "aho," meaning "stupid," and "darasuke," meaning "fool."
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
あんぽんたん<br/><br/>今日は「あんぽんたん」という言葉を紹介します。<br/><br/>「あんぽんたん」は、「バカ」「アホ」などと同じく、相手の愚かさなどを罵る言葉です。<br/><br/>しかし、語感を軽くすることで、「バカ」や「アホ」と比べて柔らかい表現となっています。<br/><br/>母が子を軽く叱るときのように、親しみの意を込めて使われることも多いです。<br/><br/>この言葉は、「アホ」と愚か者を意味する「だらすけ」の合成語「あほんだら」から転じたと考えられています。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">ThePhotonShadow</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I'd like to talk about the term "anpontan."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Anpontan" is a term that is used to rail at someone's stupidity as well as "baka" and "aho."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
"Anpontan" is a term that is used to rail at someone's stupidity. like "baka" or "aho."
<p class="correction_comment">More natural.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">(For more information on the word “baka,” please refer to my yesterday’s post.)</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
(For more information on the word “baka,” please refer to my post from yesterday.)
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, since the rhythm of the term is funny and light, it's softer expression compared to "baka" and "aho."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, since the rhythm of the term is funny and light, it's a softer expression than "baka" or "aho."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, "anpontan" is often used with a kind of affection -- it's just like when a mother scolds her child gently.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, "anpontan" is often used with a kind of affection -- like when a mother scolds her child gently.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is thought that this term comes from "ahondara," which is a composite word of "aho," meaning "stupid," and "darasuke," meaning "fool."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is thought that this term comes from "ahondara," which is a combination of "aho," meaning "stupid," and "darasuke," meaning "fool."
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! (^^)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">azza3695</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
(For more information on the word “baka,” please refer to my post from yesterday.)
</li>
</ul></div>
both work
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">azza3695</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, "anpontan" is often used with a kind of affection -- like when a mother scolds her child gently.
</li>
</ul></div>
how you write is how you speak, like the person with the 'correction'
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">azza3695</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
It is thought that this term comes from "ahondara," which is a combination of "aho," meaning "stupid," and "darasuke," meaning "fool."
</li>
</ul></div>
your way is better, as , like kanji, japanese words are more of a composite nature than combination
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">azza3695</span><br>
and i finally get the joke in <br/>'naruto' as the crow/raven flew over calling 'aho' XD...short for something insulting in english too XD
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for the explanations! (^^)<br/>I hasn't see that joke in 'naruto' yet, but it is a famous and a kind of traditional joke :)<br/>And thank you for letting me know the interesting information!
</div>
</div>
