---
date: 2017-05-09
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Uso mo Houben</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>May 9, 2017 09:26</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I will talk about the Japanese proverb "uso mo houben."<br/><br/>"Uso mo houben" means that sometimes you need to tell a lie for the attainment of your purpose.<br/><br/>Here, "uso" means "a lie," and "houben" means a way to lead a person closer to enlightenment in Buddhism.<br/><br/>It is said that this proverb comes from the following parable called "sansha kataku" in Buddhist scriptures.<br/><br/>Once upon a time, an old man's mansion was on fire.<br/><br/>Children who were playing in the mansion didn't notice the fire, and they didn't go outside despite the persuasion of the old man.<br/><br/>Then the old man said "a sheep carriage, a deer carriage, and a cow carriage that you wanted are outside of this house," and led the children out.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
嘘も方便<br/><br/>今日は「嘘も方便」ということわざを紹介します。<br/><br/>「嘘も方便」は、時には手段として嘘をつくことも必要であるということを意味します。<br/><br/>ここで「方便」とは、仏教において、人を悟りに近づかせるための方法を意味します。<br/><br/>このことわざは、仏教経典にある「三車火宅」という次の例え話に由来すると言われています。<br/><br/>ある時、老人の邸宅が火事になりました。<br/><br/>中で遊んでいた子どもたちは火事に気づかず、老人が説得しても外に出ようとしませんでした。<br/><br/>そこで老人は、「お前たちの欲しがっていた羊の車、鹿の車、牛の車が外にあるぞ」と言って、子どもたちを外へと導きました。
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">David</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Uso mo houben" means that sometimes you need to tell a lie for the attainment of your purpose.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
"Uso mo houben" means that sometimes you need to tell a lie to (attain)(achieve) your purpose.
<p class="correction_comment">for the attainment of your --&gt; to (attain)/(achieve) your - <br/><br/>Your sentence is fine written.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Here, "uso" means "a lie," and "houben" means a way to lead a person closer to enlightenment in Buddhism.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Here, "uso" means a lie and "houben" means a way to lead a person closer to enlightenment in Buddhism.
<p class="correction_comment">"a lie," --&gt; "a lie" - You are providing two different examples. Even if you were making a list of something you wouldn't use a comma for only two entries. <br/><br/>"a lie" --&gt; a lie - You don't need and probably shouldn't use quotes around this. It's quite understandable without them. <br/><br/>You sentence is good as written. It's probably more appropriate than my suggestion in this case.<br/><br/>In buddhism "useo" means a lie and "houben" means a way to lead a person closer to enlightenment.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is said that this proverb comes from the following parable called "sansha kataku" in Buddhist scriptures.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is said that this proverb comes from the following parable called "Sansha Kataku" in Buddhist scriptures.
<p class="correction_comment">"sansha kataku" --&gt; "Sansha Katakuk" - If you were writing English more than likely you would have a title within the quotes. In English, a title usually follows a general pattern. Here's some more info: http://www.quickanddirtytips.com/education/grammar/capitalizing-titles<br/><br/>I'm sure there are some rules when a foreign language is used but I've never bumped into them, sorry. <br/><br/>Again, your sentence is fine as written.<br/><br/>It is said that this proverb comes from the Buddhist scriptures' parable called "Sansha Kataku."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Once upon a time, an old man's mansion was on fire.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Children who were playing in the mansion didn't notice the fire, and they didn't go outside despite the persuasion of the old man.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Children who were playing in the mansion didn't notice the fire, and they didn't go outside despite the warnings/pleas of the old man.
<p class="correction_comment">"Persuasion" doesn't work here. <br/><br/>... despite the old man's warnings/pleas/urging</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Then the old man said "a sheep carriage, a deer carriage, and a cow carriage that you wanted are outside of this house," and led the children out.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Then the old man said, "The sheep, deer, and cow carriages that you wanted are outside (of this)/(the) house," and then led the children out.
<p class="correction_comment">The the old man said "a --&gt; Then the old man said, "A <br/><br/>This is a standard dialogue form: XXX said, "A sentence that starts with a capital."  If the dialogue ends with a period the period is placed within the final quote mark. If it ends with a ! or ? then that punctuation is placed outside the ending quote. <br/><br/>A sheep... --&gt; The sheep  - The children wanted something specific so refer to it by "the" instad of "a".<br/><br/>a sheep carriage, a deer carriage, and a cow carriage --&gt; my suggestion - No one would who is a native English speaker would ever write a list that way... UNLESS they had a very specific and special reason to do so. I don't think there's such a reason behind this list. ;o)</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
Here, "uso" means a lie and "houben" means a way to lead a person closer to enlightenment in Buddhism.
<p class="correction_comment">
"a lie," --&gt; "a lie" - You are providing two different examples. Even if you were making a list of something you wouldn't use a comma for only two entries. <br/><br/>"a lie" --&gt; a lie - You don't need and probably shouldn't use quotes around this. It's quite understandable without them. <br/><br/>You sentence is good as written. It's probably more appropriate than my suggestion in this case.<br/><br/>In buddhism "useo" means a lie and "houben" means a way to lead a person closer to enlightenment.
</p>
</li>
</ul></div>
Thank you so much the corrections and kind explanations!<br/>I learned something new :)<br/><br/>&gt; In buddhism "useo" means a lie and "houben" means a way to lead a person closer to enlightenment.<br/>Actually, "uso" is a common Japanese word that is not related to Buddhism, while "houben" is a Buddhism term. This is the reason why I used a comma after the explanation of "uso," but I should have made it easier to understand, sorry.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">David</span><br>
How about<br/><br/>Here, "uso" means "a lie," and "houben" means a way to lead a person closer to enlightenment in Buddhism.<br/><br/><br/>Here "uso" means a lie and "houben", a Buddhism term, manes a way to lead a person closer to enlightenment in Buddhism. 
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">David</span><br>
Sigh... it's about 3am here. "... means a way" or  "... refers to a way." For some reason I still want to offer "refers to" as an option. 
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for your suggestion! (^^)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">David</span><br>
You're welcome. <br/><br/>Now for try #3:<br/><br/>Here "uso" means a lie and "houben", a Buddhism term, means a way to lead a person closer to enlightenment.<br/><br/>No response needed. ;o)  Looking forward to your next post.<br/>
</div>
</div>
