---
date: 2017-05-13
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Ponzu</h1>
<div class="date">May 13, 2017 12:56</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I will talk about the term "ponzu."<br/><br/>"Ponzu" refers to a seasoning in Japanese cuisine, that is made by adding acetic acid to juice of citrus.<br/><br/>This term comes from the Dutch word "pons," which means juice of citrus.<br/><br/>Furthermore, "pons" comes from the Hindi word "panc," which means "five."<br/><br/>The thing is that "pons" originally meant a type of cocktail that was made by mixing five ingredients, such as juice of citrus, sugar, and spices.<br/><br/>However, I heard that the word "pons" has obsoleted now in the Netherlands.<br/><br/>Incidentally, the kanji "酢" of "ポン酢 (ponzu)" can be read as "su," and means "vinegar" -- the origin of this Japanese term is a kind of pun.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
ポン酢<br/><br/>今日は「ポン酢」という言葉を紹介します。<br/><br/>「ポン酢」とは、柑橘類の果汁に酢酸を加えて作られる、和食における調味料のことです。<br/><br/>この言葉は、オランダ語で柑橘類の果汁を意味するオランダ語の "pons" から来ています。<br/><br/>さらに、"Pons" はヒンディー語で 5 を意味する "panc" から来ています。<br/><br/>もともと "pons" は、柑橘類の果汁や砂糖、スパイスなど5種類のものを混ぜて作られるカクテルのことを意味していたようです。<br/><br/>しかし、"pons" は現在オランダでは廃語となってしまっているようです。<br/><br/>ちなみに、「ポン酢」は、"pons （ポンス）" の「ス」は「酢」をかけた、一種の駄洒落になっています。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">minoa5</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Ponzu" refers to a seasoning in Japanese cuisine, that is made by adding acetic acid to juice of citrus.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
"Ponzu" refers to a seasoning in Japanese cuisine, that is made by adding acetic acid to <span class="f_red">the</span> juice of citrus.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, I heard that the word "pons" has obsoleted now in the Netherlands.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, I heard that the word "pons" <span class="f_red">is now obsolete</span> in the Netherlands.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">minoa5</span><br>
What an interesting post! 
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! (^^)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">David</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I will talk about the term "ponzu."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Ponzu" refers to a seasoning in Japanese cuisine, that is made by adding acetic acid to juice of citrus.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
"Ponzu" refers to a seasoning (used) in Japanese cuisine that is made by adding acetic acid to citrus.
<p class="correction_comment">seasoning in --&gt; seasoning (used) in - Your original phrase is okay but it would be a little more natural add the "used."<br/><br/>cuisine, that --&gt; cuisine that - A comma shouldn't be used here. You are just completing your basic sentence with a dependent clause. If a dependent clause ends a sentence you usually don't use a comma. http://www.businessinsider.com/a-guide-to-proper-comma-use-2013-9 <br/><br/>juice of citrus --&gt; citrus juice - This is a common term. If you don't use the term and go with the description "juice of citrus" you will need to add a determiner to it as the person before me suggested. "the juice of citrus."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This term comes from the Dutch word "pons," which means juice of citrus.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This term comes from the Dutch word "pons" which means the juice of citrus.
<p class="correction_comment">"pons," --&gt; "pons" - A comma doesn't make sense here. <br/><br/>Guess what my other suggestion might be. ;o)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Furthermore, "pons" comes from the Hindi word "panc," which means "five."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Furthermore, "pons" comes from the Hindi word "panc" which means "five."
<p class="correction_comment">"panc," --&gt; "panc" - Same reason as before.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The thing is that "pons" originally meant a type of cocktail that was made by mixing five ingredients, such as juice of citrus, sugar, and spices.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The thing is that "pons" originally meant a type of cocktail that was made by mixing five ingredients, such as juice of citrus, sugar, and spices.
<p class="correction_comment">Your sentence is fine. However, For some reason using a comma here bothers me but I can't give you a reason why you shouldn't use it here. It's your choice.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Incidentally, the kanji "酢" of "ポン酢 (ponzu)" can be read as "su," and means "vinegar" -- the origin of this Japanese term is a kind of pun.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Incidentally, the kanji "酢" of "ポン酢 (ponzu)" can be read as "su," and means "vinegar" -- the origin of this Japanese term is a kind of pun.
<p class="correction_comment">Your sentence is fine as written.<br/><br/>You might consider a slight reordering:<br/><br/>Incidentally, the origin of this Japanese term is a kind of pun. The kanji "酢" of "ポン酢 (ponzu)" can be read as "su," and means "vinegar"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Your English is very good. You posts make me think. ;o)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">David</span><br>
Rehashing the following:<br/><br/>&gt;&gt;&gt;The thing is that "pons" originally meant a type of cocktail that was made by mixing five ingredients, such as juice of citrus, sugar, and spices.<br/>&gt;&gt;&gt;Your sentence is fine. However, For some reason using a comma here bothers me but I can't give you a reason why you shouldn't use it here. It's your choice.<br/><br/>I take my comment back. The comma is appropriate. The ending phrase is effectively an appositive. Appositives are more commonly seen in the middle of a sentence. For example:<br/><br/>     A cocktail made up of five ingredients, such as citrus juice; sugar; and spices, is commonly called a "pons" in Japan. <br/><br/>Note: I'm not sure about the semicolon use but I think I'm okay using them.<br/>
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! <br/>I learned something new (^^)<br/>I have to be familiar with the difference between "which" and "comma + which."
</div>
</div>
