---
date: 2017-05-19
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: "0883_chiguhagu"
---

# 【No. 0883】Chiguhagu
<div class="date">May 19, 2017 13:36</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I'd like to talk about the Japanese term "chiguhagu."<br/><br/>"Chiguhagu" means that two or more things/people are incongruous, or there are no harmony among them.<br/><br/>Originally, "chigu" meant a hammer and "hagu" meant a nail puller. <br/><br/>("Gu" that is included in both chigu and hagu means "tool.")<br/><br/>A theory about its etymology says that "chiguhagu" comes from the fact that work don't proceed when you alternately use a hammer and a nail puller.<br/><br/>Also, another theory says that it was derived from the fact that a master carpenter and a carpenter worked while exchanging a hammer and a nail puller. 
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
ちぐはぐ<br/><br/>今日は「ちぐはぐ」という日本語を紹介します。<br/><br/>「ちぐはぐ」とは、二つ以上の物事が食い違っていたり、調和していなかったりするさまを表します。<br/><br/>「ちぐ（鎮具）」は金槌、「はぐ（破具）」は釘抜きをそれぞれ意味していました。<br/><br/>ある説では「ちぐはぐ」は、金槌を釘抜きを交互に使っていては仕事が進まないことに由来すると説明しています。<br/><br/>他の説としては、棟梁と大工が金槌と釘抜きを交互に渡し合って作業を進めたことに由来するというものがあります。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Oceanier</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Chiguhagu" means that two or more things/people are incongruous, or there are no harmony among them.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
"Chiguhagu" means that two or more things/people are incongruous, or there <span class="f_red">is</span> no harmony among them.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">A theory about its etymology says that "chiguhagu" comes from the fact that work don't proceed when you alternately use a hammer and a nail puller.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
A theory about its etymology says that "chiguhagu" comes from the fact that work <span class="f_red">doesn't</span> proceed when you alternately use a hammer and a nail puller.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 This reminds me of the phrase "One step forward, and two steps back." You can do something good, but then something bad that hurts your progress more.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections!<br/>Actually, the phrase "one step forward and two steps back (一歩進んで二歩下がる)" is also very famous in Japan :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Oceanier</span><br>
Oh really? I never knew that. That's cool!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">クライド</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I'd like to talk about the Japanese term "chiguhagu."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Originally, "chigu" meant a hammer and "hagu" meant a nail puller.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">("Gu" that is included in both chigu and hagu means "tool.")</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
(<span class="f_red">The</span> "gu" that's in chigu and hagu means "tool.")
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, another theory says that it was derived from the fact that a master carpenter and a carpenter worked while exchanging a hammer and a nail puller.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, another theory <span class="f_blue">claims</span> that it was derived from the fact that a master carpenter and a carpenter worked while exchanging a hammer and a nail puller.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Great post, kanotown! :D
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post! (^^)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">David</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I'd like to talk about the Japanese term "chiguhagu."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today I'd like to talk about the Japanese term "chiguhagu."
<p class="correction_comment">It's fine as written. <br/><br/>I know that you've often used this template sentence to start your posts. I did a Google Translate on your original. "I will introduce Japanese called "Chigahagu" today." based on that you might consider as an alternative.<br/><br/>Today I will introduce the Japanese term "   ".<br/><br/>Also, would  you consider including the kanji and/or hiragana for the term/idiom that you are discussing in your both interesting and informative posts?</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">David</span><br>
To be clear, please considering adding the hiragana and/or kangi the first time you introduce a new term in your posts. 
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the comment!<br/><br/>Actually, I used the verb "introduce" at first.<br/>However, since some commenters said something like "it's a bit unnatural, you should use 'talk' or 'tell' instead of 'introduce'," I has come to use the current template. If using "introduce" is not unnatural, I'd like to use it sometimes at the beginning of my posts.<br/><br/>Also, I will add the hiragana/kanji at least once in my posts to make them more informative to Japanese learners :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">David</span><br>
"it's a bit unnatural, you should use 'talk' or 'tell' instead of 'introduce',"<br/><br/>I can't argue with those comments. "Introduce" is a good word but in common conversation one wouldn't hear it very often. On the other hand the repetition of the same phrase would be uncommon too. Besides trying out new openings now and then would be a good learning exercise wouldn't it?  ;o)<br/><br/>Have you ever bumped into the term "Chiguhagu"? <br/><br/>Have you ever worked your heart out on a project and yet nothing ever seemed to get done? You might be experiencing "Chiguhagu." <br/><br/>It seems as if you westerners don't pay attention to the common, to the ordinary. We, on the other hand, embrace it. We even have a vocabulary that lets us talk about such things. For example, consider the Japanese term "sahanji."<br/><br/>"Variety is the spice of life."
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for your nice advice :)<br/>In the future, I will try to use various expressions little by little instead of the template.
</div>
</div>
