---
date: 2017-05-24
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# Tsuru no Hitokoe
<div class="date">May 24, 2017 10:17</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
When discussing with a lot of people, it's difficult to reach agreement.<br/><br/>In such a case, a person of influence/power may suppress others' opinions and bring an end to the argument by only a single statement.<br/><br/>The statement is called "tsuru no hitokoe (鶴の一声) " in Japan.<br/><br/>Here, "tsuru" means "crane" and "hitokoe" means "statement." <br/><br/>Cranes are known as animals that sing in a high pitch note while displaying a threatening attitude.<br/><br/>Since the song has enough power to make surroundings silence for a moment, a statement that silences people came to be called "tsuru no hitokoe" (crane's statement).<br/><br/>Incidentally, this term is also called "suzume no senkoe tsuru no hitokoe."<br/><br/>The literal meaning of "suzume no senkoe (雀の千声)" is "sparrows' thousand statements," and it expresses a lot of low value statements.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
鶴の一声<br/><br/>大勢で議論をすると、なかなか話し合いはまとまりません。<br/><br/>そんな時、優れた人物や権力を持った人物が一言で他人の意見をおさえ、話し合いをあっさりとまとめることがあると思います。<br/><br/>この一言のことを、日本では「鶴の一声」と言います。<br/><br/>鶴は周囲を威嚇するように甲高い声で鳴くことで知られています。<br/><br/>その鳴き声は、一瞬あたりを静まり返らせるほどの迫力があることから、余人を黙らせ従わせてしまう発言を「鶴の一声」と呼ぶようになりました。<br/><br/>また、この言葉は「雀の千声鶴の一声」とも言われます。<br/><br/>「雀の千声」は価値の低い多くの発言を表したもので、「鶴の一声」の対となる言葉です。
</div></div>

## Corrections (4)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">brian</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When discussing with a lot of people, it's difficult to reach agreement.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
When discussing with a lot of people, it's difficult to reach <span class="f_blue"> a mutual</span> agreement.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In such a case, a person of influence/power may suppress others' opinions and bring an end to the argument by only a single statement.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In such a case, a person of influence/power may suppress others' opinions and bring an end to the argument <span class="sline">by</span> <span class="f_blue">with</span> only a single statement.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The statement is called "tsuru no hitokoe (鶴の一声) " in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="sline">The</span> <span class="f_blue">This </span>statement is called "tsuru no hitokoe (鶴の一声) " in Japan.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since the song has enough power to make surroundings silence for a moment, a statement that silences people came to be called "tsuru no hitokoe" (crane's statement).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since the song has enough power to make surroundings <span class="sline">silence</span> <span class="f_blue">silent </span>for a moment, a statement that silences people came to be called "tsuru no hitokoe" (crane's statement).
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Just made a few simple changes to make it sound more natural. Very well written!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections!<br/>I'm glad to hear you say that :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Imri</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When discussing with a lot of people, it's difficult to reach agreement.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In such a case, a person of influence/power may suppress others' opinions and bring an end to the argument by only a single statement.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The statement is called "tsuru no hitokoe (鶴の一声) " in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Here, "tsuru" means "crane" and "hitokoe" means "statement." </li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Cranes are known as animals that sing in a high pitch note while displaying a threatening attitude.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Cranes are known as <span class="f_gray">animals</span> <span class="f_blue">[or 'birds,' to be more specific]</span> that sing in a <span class="f_gray">high pitch note</span> <span class="f_blue">['high-pitched voice' or '...birds that sing shrilly'] </span>while displaying a threatening attitude.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since the song has enough power to make surroundings silence for a moment, a statement that silences people came to be called "tsuru no hitokoe" (crane's statement).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since <span class="f_gray">the [their]</span> song has enough power to make <span class="f_blue">[their] </span>surroundings <span class="f_gray">silence</span> <span class="f_blue">[silent] </span>for a moment, a statement that silences people came to be called "tsuru no hitokoe" (crane's statement).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Incidentally, this term is also called "suzume no senkoe tsuru no hitokoe."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The literal meaning of "suzume no senkoe (雀の千声)" is "sparrows' thousand statements," and it expresses a lot of low value statements.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The literal meaning of "suzume no senkoe (雀の千声)" is "<span class="f_blue">[the] </span><span class="f_gray">sparrows'</span> <span class="f_blue">[sparrow's]</span> <span class="f_blue">[one] </span>thousand statements,"<span class="f_red">1</span> and it <span class="f_gray">expresses a lot of low value statements [refers to a lot of trivial comments]2</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">1. I'm curious: is it a thousand statements made by just one sparrow or a thousand sparrows making noise?<br/><br/>2. "Trivial comments" mean statements that are nonsense. I prefer to use 'refers to' instead of 'expresses.' I use 'express' when it comes to emotion, but 'refers' or 'means' when I'm defining something.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 新しいことを習った。ありがとうございます！
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)<br/><br/>&gt; 1. I'm curious: is it a thousand statements made by just one sparrow or a thousand sparrows making noise?<br/><br/>Actually, it's a difficult question. A dictionary site says that it's one thousand statements/remarks made by one sparrow, while another dictionary site says that it's one thousand statements made by a lot of sparrows (Note that it doesn't say there are a thousand sparrows). I believe that the latter is right.<br/><br/>2. "Trivial comments" mean statements that are nonsense. I prefer to use 'refers to' instead of 'expresses.' I use 'express' when it comes to emotion, but 'refers' or 'means' when I'm defining something.<br/><br/>Ah, although I learned how to use 'express' around two years ago, I made the same mistake again! I'll be more careful, thank you :)<br/><a href="http://lang-8.com/kanotown/journals/223313644574520617836845694563822371886" target="_blank">http://lang-8.com/kanotown/journals/223313644574520617836845694563822371886</a>
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">クライド</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When discussing with a lot of people, it's difficult to reach agreement.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
When discussing <span class="f_blue">something</span> with a lot of people, it's difficult to reach <span class="f_red">an</span> agreement.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Great post, kanotown! :D
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction, クライドさん! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 4　<span class="just_name">メラメラ丸</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 面白い文章を拝読しました\( ･ω･)/
 <br/>
 でも、鶴はどんな鳴き声をするか知りたいですね(´∀｀*)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
鶴の鳴き声を言葉で表すのは難しいですね～<br/>あるサイトでは「キョロー！」と書いてありました。<br/>個人的には、「クエーー！」だと思います。
</div>
</div>
