---
date: 2017-06-04
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Nintendo Switch</h1>
<div class="date">Jun 4, 2017 11:46</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
I finally bought a Nintendo Switch yesterday.<br/><br/>Software that I bought at the same time were The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and Mario Kart 8 Deluxe.<br/><br/>Playing games was for the first time in a while and the hardware was not easy to obtain, so I was very excited.<br/><br/>I played these games until midnight losing track of time, and fell asleep without getting wrapped in blankets.<br/><br/>As a result, I seem to have caught a cold.<br/><br/>I'm feeling weak and having a sore throat.<br/><br/>Since I have to work from tomorrow, I will rest my body using a long time today.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
ニンテンドースイッチ<br/><br/>私は昨日、とうとうニンテンドースイッチを購入しました。<br/><br/>同時に購入したソフトは、ゼルダの伝説とマリオカートです。<br/><br/>久しぶりのゲームだったし、品薄でなかなか買うことができなかったので、とても興奮していました。<br/><br/>つい、真夜中までプレイしてしまいまい、掛け布団をしっかりかけずに寝てしまいました。<br/><br/>その結果、風邪を引いてしまったようです。<br/><br/>喉が痛く、体がだるいです。<br/><br/>明日から仕事なので、今日はじっくりと体を休めます。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Mac</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I finally bought a Nintendo Switch yesterday.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Software that I bought at the same time were The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and Mario Kart 8 Deluxe.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red">The games</span> that I bought at the same time were The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and Mario Kart 8 Deluxe.
<p class="correction_comment">I've never heard video games referred to as software, although I suppose that is correct from a very technical standpoint. Nobody would every say it like that though.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Playing games was for the first time in a while and the hardware was not easy to obtain, so I was very excited.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red">This is the first time I've played video games</span> in a while and the hardware was not easy to obtain, so I was very excited.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I played these games until midnight losing track of time, and fell asleep without getting wrapped in blankets.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I played these games until midnight, losing track of time, and fell asleep without getting wrapped in blankets.
<p class="correction_comment">"Without getting wrapped in blankets" feels a little odd. Normally we would just say "without getting into bed"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As a result, I seem to have caught a cold.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I'm feeling weak and having a sore throat.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I'm feeling weak and <span class="f_red">have </span>a sore throat.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since I have to work from tomorrow, I will rest my body using a long time today.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since I have to work <span class="sline">from </span>tomorrow, I will rest my body <span class="f_red">for </span>a long time today.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">クライド</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Nintendo Switch</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I played these games until midnight losing track of time, and fell asleep without getting wrapped in blankets.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I played until midnight, <span class="f_blue">lost track of time</span>, and fell asleep without <span class="f_blue">wrapping myself in a blanket</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I hope you enjoy Zelda!! it's such a beautiful game!!
 <br/>
 <br/>
 Great post kanotown! :D
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction, クライドさん！<br/>Yes, it's really beautiful! :)
</div>
</div>
