---
date: 2017-06-07
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show"><strong><em>Udo no Taiboku</strong></em> (Just a Big Oaf)</h1>
<div class="date">Jun 7, 2017 11:30</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
When I'm looking for Japanese terms to introduce on Lang-8, I can find various indirect expressions that abuse someone.<br/><br/>I think that the reason why various indirect expressions were born is because Japanese people tended to say praises and insults indirectly rather than directly.<br/><br/>For example, today I found the phrase "udo no taiboku."<br/><br/>Udo no taiboku means a person or something that has a big body but is useless.<br/><br/>"Udo" is a kind of plant, "aralia cordata" in English, and its buds are often used as food.<br/><br/>The udo grows very big like "taiboku," meaning "big tree," but then it can't be used as not only food but also building materials -- it will be almost garbage.<br/><br/>From this fact, udo no taiboku has come to mean a useless person or something.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
ウドの大木<br/><br/>Lang-8 で紹介する日本語を探していると、さまざまな種類の人を罵る表現が見つかります。<br/><br/>日本人は褒める際も罵る際も、直接的ではなく間接的に言う傾向があるため、多くの間接的表現が生まれるのかもしれません。<br/><br/>例えば、今日は「ウドの大木」という表現を見つけました。<br/><br/>ウドの大木は、体ばかり大きくて何の役にも立たない人や物を表します。<br/><br/>「ウド」は植物の一種で、若芽やつぼみは食用として好まれています。<br/><br/>このウドは「大木」のように大きく成長しますが、そうなると食用にはならず、柔らかくて建材にもならないため、何の役にも立たなくなります。<br/><br/>このことから、ウドの大木は役立たずな物や人を指すようになりました。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">David</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Udo no Taiboku (Just a Big Oaf)</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Udo no Taiboku (Just a Big Oaf)
<p class="correction_comment">Did you give up on including Japanese?<br/><br/>My guess using google translate speech input and my swag at pronouncing Udo no Taiboku<br/><br/>Udo no Taiboku (うるの大木 - Just a Big Oaf)<br/><br/>Google translates うるの大木 as "large tree."  I just found out that 大木 means large tree. I'm guessing that I totatlly mispronounced "Udo no"  and the best google could come up with is the hiragana? うるの which is probably Japanese for "mumble mumble..." ;o)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When I'm looking for Japanese terms to introduce on Lang-8, I can find various indirect expressions that abuse someone.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think that the reason why various indirect expressions were born is because Japanese people tended to say praises and insults indirectly rather than directly.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I think that the reason why various indirect expressions were born was because Japanese people tended to say praises and insults indirectly rather than directly.
<p class="correction_comment">is because --&gt; was because - to be consistent with "were born", "tended to say"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">For example, today I found the phrase "udo no taiboku."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Udo no taiboku means a person or something that has a big body but is useless.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Udo no taiboku means a person or something else that has a big body but is useless.
<p class="correction_comment">something that has --&gt; something else that has - As written <br/><br/>Ubo no taiboku means <br/><br/>either a person<br/>or<br/>something else that has a big body<br/><br/>And why is it that just because a person, or something, has a big body it's useless? Just teasing.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">"Udo" is a kind of plant, "aralia cordata" in English, and its buds are often used as food.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
"Udo" is a kind of plant, "aralia cordata" in English, and its buds are often used as food.
<p class="correction_comment">"Udo" --&gt; Udo - to be consistent with your previous sentence.<br/><br/>"aralia cordata"  - this is ok because it's a new term that you are introducing.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The udo grows very big like "taiboku," meaning "big tree," but then it can't be used as not only food but also building materials -- it will be almost garbage.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The udo grows very big like (a) taiboku (meaning big tree) but then it can't be used as either food or building material. It will almost be garbage.
<p class="correction_comment">"taiboku" --&gt; taiboku - to be consistent<br/><br/>big like taiboku --&gt; big like a taiboku - Ok, granted taiboku is Japanese it's being used in an English like way. In this case the "a" would make sense. I made it optional but it sounds right to me. <br/><br/>You wouldn't write, "The udo grows very big like big tree", would you? I wouldn't.<br/><br/>materials --&gt; material - You could use either but in this case "material" goes along with "food". This may just be my ear talking. Hows that for a phrase. <br/><br/>then it can't be used as not only food but also building materials  --&gt; then it can't be used as either food or building material. - Sorry, I'm losing focus and I can't think of a way to use your words so I just use mine.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">From this fact, udo no taiboku has come to mean a useless person or something.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
From this fact, udo no taiboku has come to mean something useless or a useless person. 
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">David</span><br>
Sigh.. my correction was wrong<br/><br/>Udo no taiboku means a person or something else that has a big body but is useless.<br/><br/>I think this would work<br/><br/>Udo no taiboku means a person, or something else, that has a big body but is useless.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting my post!<br/>I learned a lot from you :)<br/><br/>&gt; Did you give up on including Japanese?<br/>Ah, I forgot to include Japanese version. I'll be more careful :)<br/><br/>&gt; And why is it that just because a person, or something, has a big body it's useless?<br/>Is it teasing? But my sentence could give misunderstandings.<br/>I wanted to mean:<br/>A person, or something else, that has a big body is normally powerful and useful. However sometimes there are exceptions. Although they have big bodies, they're weakly.
</div>
</div>
