---
date: 2017-08-26
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# Premature Laws
<div class="date">Aug 26, 2017 13:46</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
There are several premature laws in Japan.<br/><br/>Today I would like to talk about two interesting laws among them.<br/><br/>The first one is established in 1966, and is related to activities on the Moon and asteroids.<br/><br/>According to this law, we are prohibited from conducting military exercises on the moon and asteroids, and all facilities there have to be released to all astronauts in other countries.<br/><br/>The second one is established in 2000, and is related to cloning technology.<br/><br/>According to this law, a person who made a cloned human will be imprisoned for 10 years.<br/><br/>As of today, there are no cases that these laws were applied.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
時期尚早な法律<br/><br/>日本には、時期尚早な法律が幾つか存在します。<br/><br/>今日は、そんな中から二つの面白い法律を紹介します。<br/><br/>一つ目は、1966年に制定された、月や小惑星での活動に関する法律です。<br/><br/>この法律によると、我々は月や小惑星で軍事演習をしてはならず、すべての施設は他国の宇宙飛行士に解放されます。<br/><br/>二つ目は、2000年に制定された、クローン技術の規制に関する法律です。<br/><br/>この法律によると、クローン人間を作った人物は、懲役10年が科せられます。<br/><br/>現在のところ、これら法律が適用された事例はありません。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">David</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Premature Laws</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There are several premature laws in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I would like to talk about two interesting laws among them.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today I would like to talk about two interesting laws from them.
<p class="correction_comment">laws among them --&gt; laws from them<br/><br/>Today I'd like to talk about two of the interesting ones.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The first one is established in 1966, and is related to activities on the Moon and asteroids.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The first one was enacted in 1966 and is related to activities on the Moon and asteroids.
<p class="correction_comment">first one is --&gt; first one was<br/><br/>in 1966, and is --&gt; in 1966 and is  - No comma needed because just join two verb classes. <br/><br/>established ---&gt; enacted  - "Established" isn't wrong but "enacted" is a more appropriate term when it comes to laws.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to this law, we are prohibited from conducting military exercises on the moon and asteroids, and all facilities there have to be released to all astronauts in other countries.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to this law, we are prohibited from conducting military exercises on the moon and asteroids, and all facilities there have to be available to all astronauts from other countries.
<p class="correction_comment">released to  --&gt; available to - <br/><br/>in other --&gt; from other - They're on the moon aren't they? ;o)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The second one is established in 2000, and is related to cloning technology.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The second one was established in 2000 and is related to cloning technology.
<p class="correction_comment">is established --&gt; was established <br/><br/><br/>or<br/><br/>The second one, enacted in 2000, is related to cloning technology.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to this law, a person who made a cloned human will be imprisoned for 10 years.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to this law, a person who makes a cloned human will be imprisoned for 10 years.
<p class="correction_comment">made a --&gt; makes a - This would make it consistent with "will be imprisoned."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As of today, there are no cases that these laws were applied.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
As of today, there no cases where these laws were applied.
<p class="correction_comment">there are no cases --&gt; there haven't been any cases, there have been no, there are no cases<br/>that these laws --&gt; where these laws<br/><br/>As of today, there are no cases where these laws were applied.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for the corrections and helpful comments! :)<br/><br/>&gt; They're on the moon aren't they?<br/>Yes, it's assumed that they're on the moon or asteroids.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">David</span><br>
&gt; They're on the moon aren't they?<br/><br/>Missed my being silly marker -    :)    :o)    ;o) <br/><br/>Your original sentence paraphrased:<br/><br/>All facilities there have to be released to all astronauts in other countries.<br/><br/>It doesn't do much good to make facilities on the moon available to all astronauts who are currently physically located in one or more of the many countries on Earth, right? <br/><br/><br/><br/>
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Yes, I think that's right.<br/>I think that this law want to say that all facilities on the moon should be shared by all human beings.
</div>
</div>
