---
date: 2017-08-30
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: 0986_a-cockroach-in-kumamoto
---

# 【No. 0986】A Cockroach in Kumamoto
<div class="date">Aug 30, 2017 22:26</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today, I came to Kumamoto city, Kumamoto Prefecture, in order to participate in an academic conference that will be held tomorrow.<br/><br/>The distance from Tokyo to Kumamoto is around 1000 km, but I arrived within two hours by using an airplane.<br/><br/>Then, when I was about to ride a bus to Kumamoto city, I accidentally encountered my mentor -- he came from Nagano Prefecture for the same reason as me.<br/><br/>We talked a lot in the bus and ate dinner.<br/><br/>I was very lucky.<br/><br/>However, when I was doing my work at my hotel after dinner, I found a huge cockroach crawling around my feet.<br/><br/>Since I rarely see cockroaches, it was so terrifying.<br/><br/>I told it to a hotel worker, then my room was changed.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
熊本でゴキブリ<br/><br/>今日は、明日から開催される学会のため、熊本県熊本市に来ました。<br/><br/>東京から熊本まで1000km程ありますが、飛行機なら2時間以内に到着します。<br/><br/>空港からバスに乗ろうとしたとき、偶然にも同じ学会参加のため長野から来ていた私の恩師と遭遇しました。<br/><br/>バスの中で色々と話をし、夕食を一緒に食べました。<br/><br/>すごく運が良かったです。<br/><br/>しかし、夕食後ホテルに戻って作業していると、巨大なゴキブリが足元を這いずり回っていました。<br/><br/>ゴキブリを見たのは本当に久しぶりで、おぞましかったです。<br/><br/>ホテルの人に駆除してもらい、部屋を替えてもらいました。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Keeviant</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I came to Kumamoto city, Kumamoto Prefecture, in order to participate in an academic conference that will be held tomorrow.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today I <span class="f_blue">went</span> to Kumamoto city in Kumamoto Prefecture in order to participate in an academic conference that will be held tomorrow.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The distance from Tokyo to Kumamoto is around 1000 km, but I arrived within two hours by using an airplane.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The distance from Tokyo to Kumamoto is around 1000 km, but I arrived within two hours <span class="f_blue">by airplane.</span><span class="sline"><span class="f_red"> </span></span><span class="f_blue">Alternatively: </span><span class="f_blue">The distance from Tokyo to Kumamoto is around 1000 km, but my flight only took two hours.</span><span class="sline"><span class="f_red"> </span></span>
<p class="correction_comment">The phrase "using an airplane" sounds more like you were the one piloting the plane. In English, we say we 'took a flight', or traveled 'by plane', or even that we 'flew'. It seems silly, I know. "I flew to Los Angeles" sounds like you're a bird! But that's a normal phrase in English.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Then, when I was about to ride a bus to Kumamoto city, I accidentally encountered my mentor -- he came from Nagano Prefecture for the same reason as me.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Then, when I was about to <span class="f_blue">catch</span> a bus to Kumamoto city, I <span class="f_blue">bumped into</span> my mentor -- he came from Nagano Prefecture for the same reason as me.<span class="f_blue">Alternatively:Then, I bumped into my mentor as I was getting on the bus to Kumamoto city -- he came from Nagano Prefecture for the same reason as me.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">It sounds more natural to say you "bumped into" someone, when you are meeting them accidentally. <br/><br/>Also, we use the word "catching" or "riding" when we're talking about traveling by bus. "I caught a bus to town."/"They caught the last bus for the day." "I rode the bus to school."/ "The bus ride was short."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">We talked a lot in the bus and ate dinner.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
We talked a lot<span class="f_blue"> on</span> the bus and ate dinner.<span class="f_blue">Alternatively:We talked a lot on the bus, and then we ate dinner.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">Again, we use different words for traveling by bus. (It also works for trains!)<br/><br/>"in" is not incorrect, it just sounds a little odd.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I was very lucky.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, when I was doing my work at my hotel after dinner, I found a huge cockroach crawling around my feet.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since I rarely see cockroaches, it was so terrifying.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since I rarely see cockroaches, it was terrifying.<span class="f_blue">Alternatively: Since I rarely see cockroaches, I was terrified. // It was so terrifying since I rarely see cockroaches.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I told it to a hotel worker, then my room was changed.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I told a hotel worker, then my room was changed.<span class="f_blue">Alternatively:I told a hotel worker, and then they changed my room.</span>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections and helpful comment! <br/>I learned something new (^^)
</div>
</div>
