---
date: 2017-08-31
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Getting Lost</h1>
<div class="date">Aug 31, 2017 23:23</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I got lost in Kumamoto University.<br/><br/>I'm often confused about the direction I'm heading when I go to a new land.<br/><br/>In the university, I watched a map made of paper, thought like "okay, I understand the route," and started walking.<br/><br/>However, the destination was in the completely opposite direction.<br/><br/>Recently I may depend on Google Map too much.<br/><br/>There are many places where Google Map doesn't work, such as premises of universities or underground, I think that I have to do practice to be able read paper maps.<br/><br/>Anyway, I will be careful not to get lost in my life.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
迷子<br/><br/>今日、私は熊本大学で迷子になりました。<br/><br/>新しい土地では、今どちらを向いているかよくわからなくなります。<br/><br/>紙の地図を見て、「よし、こっちだ」と歩いていったら、目的地は正反対の方向でした。<br/><br/>最近私は、Google Mapに頼りすぎているかもしれません。<br/><br/>大学のキャンパス内や地下など、Google Mapが使えない場所はまだまだ多いので、地図を読む練習をしたほうが良さそうです。<br/><br/>人生の迷子にはならないように、気をつけます。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Mac</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I got lost in Kumamoto University.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I'm often confused about the direction I'm heading when I go to a new land.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I'm often confused about the direction I'm heading when I go to a new land.
<p class="correction_comment">"a new land" sounds like an entirely new part of the world, rather than a different part of Japan. It sounds like well used hyperbole, however, so I left it.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In the university, I watched a map made of paper, thought like "okay, I understand the route," and started walking.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In the university, I<span class="f_red"> looked at</span> a map made of paper, thought like "okay, I understand the route," and started walking.
<p class="correction_comment">"watching" means more like looking at something moving and seeing what it does</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, the destination was in the completely opposite direction.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, <span class="f_red">my </span>destination was in the completely opposite direction.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Recently I may depend on Google Map too much.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There are many places where Google Map doesn't work, such as premises of universities or underground, I think that I have to do practice to be able read paper maps.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
There are many places where Google Map doesn't work, such as premises of universities or underground, I think that I have to <span class="sline">do </span>practice<span class="sline"> to be able </span>read<span class="f_red">ing</span> paper maps.
<p class="correction_comment">"practice" is just it's own verb in English</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Anyway, I will be careful not to get lost in my life.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you very much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
