---
date: 2017-09-21
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 1008_ichihime-nitaro
---

# 【No. 1008】<strong><em>Ichihime Nitaro</strong></em> (一姫二太郎 - Having a Daughter First and then a Son)
<div class="date">Sep 21, 2017 16:53</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
When a child is born in Japan, it is commonly said that "ichihime nitaro" (一姫二太郎) is ideal.<br/><br/>Here "ichi" (一) means "first," "hime" (姫) means "daughter," "ni" (二) means "second," and "taro" (太郎) means "son."<br/><br/>Therefore, "ichihime nitaro" means that your first child is a daughter, and your second child is a son.<br/><br/>The reason why such a composition is regarded as an ideal one is because it's easier to foster a daughter than a son, and she will help with house work and child care after growing somewhat.<br/><br/>Previously, this term is used as a word of comfort when a daughter was born first even if the parents wanted a son.<br/><br/>However, these days many Japanese people think that "ichihime nitaro" is actually ideal due to various reasons.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
一姫二太郎<br/><br/>日本で子どもを産むときは、「一姫二太郎」が理想的であると言われています。<br/><br/>この言葉は、「最初に生まれるのは女の子、次に生まれるのは男の子」であることを意味します。<br/><br/>「一姫二太郎」が良いとされる理由は、女の子のほうが育てやすいことや、成長すると家事や育児を手伝ってくれるためです。<br/><br/>かつては、跡継ぎとして男子を望んていたのに、女の子が生まれてしまった際の、慰めの言葉としても使用されていたそうです。<br/><br/>現在では、実際に一姫二太郎が理想的であるとの声を多く聞きます。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">mrdressup</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When a child is born in Japan, it is commonly said that "ichihime nitaro" (一姫二太郎) is ideal.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
When a child is born in Japan, it is commonly said that <span class="f_blue">the name</span> "ichihime nitaro" (一姫二太郎) is ideal.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Here "ichi" (一) means "first," "hime" (姫) means "daughter," "ni" (二) means "second," and "taro" (太郎) means "son."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, "ichihime nitaro" means that your first child is a daughter, and your second child is a son.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, "ichihime nitaro" means that your first child is a <span class="f_blue">girl</span>, and your second child is a <span class="f_blue">boy</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The reason why such a composition is regarded as an ideal one is because it's easier to foster a daughter than a son, and she will help with house work and child care after growing somewhat.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The reason why such a <span class="f_blue">name</span> is regarded as <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">an</span></span> ideal<span class="f_red"> <span class="sline">one</span></span> is because it's easier to <span class="f_blue">raise</span> a daughter than a son, and she will help with house work and child care after growing <span class="f_blue">to a certain age</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">What do you mean by "composition"?</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Previously, this term is used as a word of comfort when a daughter was born first even if the parents wanted a son.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Previously, this term <span class="f_blue">was </span>used as a word of comfort when a daughter was born first even if the parents wanted a son.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, these days many Japanese people think that "ichihime nitaro" is actually ideal due to various reasons.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, these days many Japanese people think that "ichihime nitaro" is actually ideal due to various (<span class="f_blue">different)</span> reasons.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/><br/>&gt; What do you mean by "composition"?<br/>Sorry for my confusing English.<br/>I used the word "composition" to mean "composition of a family" or "family structure," that is, a family structure that the first child is a girl and the second child is a boy. ("Ichihime nitaro" means to have a daughter and a son, and implies such a family structure.)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">mrdressup</span><br>
I see, I think "structure" would be a better choice then. "Composition" also means writing or creating certain things, so I can't understand it in that sentence due to the vague context. Well written aside from that :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for your reply! I understand well :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">ダンボー</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 &gt; The reason why such a composition is regarded as an ideal one is because it's easier to foster a daughter than a son, and she will help with house work and child care after growing somewhat.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 → The reason why this sequence is regarded as ideal is because it's easier raising a daughter than a son, and she could also help out with household chores and taking care of younger siblings later on.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction!<br/>I learned new terms :)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">ダンボー</span><br>
My pleasure and you're welcome. :)
</div>
</div>
