---
date: 2017-10-02
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Liberal Shipping</h1>
<div class="date">Oct 2, 2017 11:36</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
A few days ago, the clothing shopping site "ZOZOTOWN" started liberal shipping service (it's not free shipping).<br/><br/>This service is that you can decide a shipping fee freely (within the range of 0 yen to 3000 yen), according to your feeling or circumstance.<br/><br/>Many Japanese shopping sites provide free shipping service, but it's because the shipping fee is contained in the price of goods in most cases.<br/><br/>Since there is no tipping custom in Japan, most Japanese people may choose 0 yen as the shipping fee.<br/><br/>However, the shipping fee is set to 400 yen by default, and the fee selection menu shows 100 yen as the lowest fee.<br/><br/>Therefore, if you want to select free shipping, you have to select "Others" and type "0" on the keyboard.<br/><br/>I think that many people will pay 100 yen or 400 yen as shipping fee due to this a little confusing system.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
送料自由<br/><br/>先日、ファッション通販の「ZOZOTOWN」が送料自由サービスを始めたことで話題になっています。<br/><br/>このサービスは、購入者の気持ちや都合で送料を自由に（0円～3000円の範囲で）決めることができるというものです。<br/><br/>日本の通販では配送料が無料なことが多いのですが、それはほとんどの場合、商品の代金に送料が含まれているからです。<br/><br/>チップ文化の無い日本では、ほとんどの人が0円を選ぶかもしれません。<br/><br/>ただ、サイトを確認したところ送料は初期設定で400円となっており、料金選択メニューでは100円までしか選べませんでした。<br/><br/>送料を0円にするためには、「その他」を選択し、キーボードで「0」と入力する必要があります。<br/><br/>この少しややこしいシステムのせいで、400円または100円の送料を支払う人が続出しそうです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Panda</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">A few days ago, the clothing shopping site "ZOZOTOWN" started liberal shipping service (it's not free shipping).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
A few days ago, the clothing shopping site "ZOZOTOWN" started <span class="f_blue">its</span> liberal shipping service (it's not free shipping).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This service is that you can decide a shipping fee freely (within the range of 0 yen to 3000 yen), according to your feeling or circumstance.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This service is that you can decide a shipping fee freely (within the range of 0 yen to 3000 yen), according to your <span class="sline">feeling</span> mood or circumstance<span class="f_blue">s</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Many Japanese shopping sites provide free shipping service, but it's because the shipping fee is contained in the price of goods in most cases.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Many Japanese shopping sites provide free shipping service, but in most cases it's because the shipping fee is contained in the price of goods.
<p class="correction_comment">Easier to understand if you change the word order a little.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think that many people will pay 100 yen or 400 yen as shipping fee due to this a little confusing system.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I think that many people will pay 100 yen or 400 yen as shipping fee due to this <span class="sline">a little</span> slightly confusing system.
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">JonnyArnold</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">A few days ago, the clothing shopping site "ZOZOTOWN" started liberal shipping service (it's not free shipping).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
A few days ago, the clothing shopping site "ZOZOTOWN" started <span class="f_blue">a </span>liberal shipping service (it's not free shipping).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This service is that you can decide a shipping fee freely (within the range of 0 yen to 3000 yen), according to your feeling or circumstance.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This service <span class="f_blue">lets you</span> decide a shipping fee freely (within the range of 0 yen to 3000 yen), according to your feeling or circumstance.
<p class="correction_comment">Your words were correct, but mine are more natural.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Many Japanese shopping sites provide free shipping service, but it's because the shipping fee is contained in the price of goods in most cases.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Many Japanese shopping sites provide <span class="f_blue">a</span> free shipping service, but it's because the shipping fee is contained in the price of goods in most cases.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since there is no tipping custom in Japan, most Japanese people may choose 0 yen as the shipping fee.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, the shipping fee is set to 400 yen by default, and the fee selection menu shows 100 yen as the lowest fee.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, if you want to select free shipping, you have to select "Others" and type "0" on the keyboard.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think that many people will pay 100 yen or 400 yen as shipping fee due to this a little confusing system.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I think that many people will pay 100 yen or 400 yen as <span class="f_blue">their </span>shipping fee due to this <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">a little</span></span> confusing system.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Do you think it is deliberately deceptive?
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Yes, I think it's deceptive. Furthermore, this company says it's a shipping fee, but the additional fee might not be paid to the shipping company. 
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">David</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 Instead of liberal you might consider flexible.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the comment!<br/>I think that flexible is more appropriate.
</div>
</div>
