---
date: 2017-10-03
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: "1020_hame-wo-hazusu"
---

# 【No. 1020】<strong><em>Hame wo Hazusu</strong></em> (羽目を外す - Getting Carried Away)
<div class="date">Oct 3, 2017 21:07</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Have you ever had too much fun and let yourself get carried away?<br/><br/>Such an act is called "hame wo hazusu" (羽目を外す) in Japan.<br/><br/>It is said that the "hame" of "hame wo hazusu" comes from "hami/hame" (馬銜), which is a rod-like metal harness that is used to control horses.<br/><br/>If you take the hame off from a horse ("hazusu" means to take something off), the horse will act freely and you won't able to control it.<br/><br/>Because of this, "hame wo hazusu" (taking a harness off) has come to have the current meaning.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
羽目を外す<br/><br/>調子に乗って度を過ごしたことはありますか？<br/><br/>そのようなことを、日本語では「羽目を外す」と言います。<br/><br/>「羽目」は、馬を制するために口に噛ませる棒状の金具「馬銜（はみ、はめ）」から来ているとされています。<br/><br/>この馬銜を外すと、馬は自由に行動するようになり、手が付けられなくなります。<br/><br/>このことから、「羽目を外す」は度を過ごすという意味で使われるようになりました。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">David</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Hame wo Hazusu (羽目を外す - Getting Carried Away)</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Hame wo Hazusu (羽目を外す - Getting Carried Away)
<p class="correction_comment">It's perfect but I have one question. You wrote the "wo" without capitalizing the W. Was that intentional,  because you were following  the common capitalizing method for titles or just a mistake? If it was intentional, cool.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Have you ever had too much fun and let yourself get carried away?</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is said that the "hame" of "hame wo hazusu" comes from "hami/hame" (馬銜), which is a rod-like metal harness that is used to control horses.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is said that the "hame" of "hame wo hazusu" comes from "hami/hame" (馬銜), which is a rod-like metal harness that is used to control horses.
<p class="correction_comment">The rod-like part  that is put in the horse's mouth is called a bit over here.<br/><br/>Instead of harness you might use bridle. A bridle is used if you're just riding a horse. A harness is used if you you connect the horse to something like a wagon.<br/><br/>On second thought, thanks to Google, I think you are right,. a hame is part of a harness. It's from Old Dutch.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If you take the hame off from a horse ("hazusu" means to take something off), the horse will act freely and you won't able to control it.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
If you take the hame off from a horse ("hazusu" means to take something off), the horse will act freely and you won't able to control it.
<p class="correction_comment">Your's is a good sentence. <br/><br/>Just one point, the hame is part of a harness so you'd really need to take the harness off. <br/><br/>Didn't now anything until I Googled it. ;o)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Because of this, "hame wo hazusu" (taking a harness off) has come to have the current meaning.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Because of this, "hame wo hazusu" (taking a harness off) has come to have the current meaning.
<p class="correction_comment">Perfect. You jumped from hame to harness which confused me earlier.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/><br/>&gt; You wrote the "wo" without capitalizing the W. Was that intentional, because you were following the common capitalizing method for titles or just a mistake?<br/>Yes, I intentionally wrote that. Since Japanese case particles, such as が (ga), を (wo), and に (ni), are like an preposition in English, so  I don't think that I need to capitalize them.<br/><br/>&gt; Instead of harness you might use bridle.<br/>Thank you for letting me know the word. I searched for 'bridle' on Google Images, and now I think that it's more appropriate than 'harness.'<br/><br/>&gt; On second thought, thanks to Google, I think you are right,. a hame is part of a harness.<br/>Oh, I didn't know about the fact. It's unexpected and interesting :)
</div>
</div>
