---
date: 2017-11-20
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Manako (まなこ - Eye)</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Nov 20, 2017 15:23</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
The most common Japanese word that means "eye" is "me" (め/目), but you can also use another word "manako" (まなこ/眼).<br/><br/>The "ma" (ま) of "manako" a changed form of "me" (目 - eye), the "na" (な) means "of," and the "ko" (こ) means "child."<br/><br/>Therefore, the literal meaning of "manako" is a "child of your eye."<br/><br/>This comes from the fact that "manako" was used to mean just a black part of your eye.<br/><br/>Incidentally, the pronunciation of "namako" (ナマコ) is very similar to "manako" (まなこ - eye), but "namako" means "sea cucumber."
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
まなこ<br/><br/>"Eye" を意味する日本語は「目」ですが、「まなこ」と言うこともあります。<br/><br/>「ま」は「目」が複合語の中で用いられる時の形であり、「な」は "of," 「こ」は "child" を意味します。<br/><br/>すなわち「まなこ」の文字どおりの意味は "child of your eye" (目の子) となります。<br/><br/>これは、かつて「まなこ」が「目の黒目部分」のみを表す単語だったことに由来します。<br/><br/>ちなみに、「まなこ」と「なまこ」はよく似ていますが、「なまこ」は "sea cucumber" を意味します
</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Sunrita</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Manako (まなこ - Eye)</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The most common Japanese word that means "eye" is "me" (め/目), but you can also use another word "manako" (まなこ/眼).</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The "ma" (ま) of "manako" a changed form of "me" (目 - eye), the "na" (な) means "of," and the "ko" (こ) means "child."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">The "ma" (ま) of "manako" is a changed form of "me" (目 - eye),</span> the "na" (な) means "of," and the "ko" (こ) means "child."
<p class="correction_comment">Use the verb 'to be' to add descriptions to a subject; adjectives ('She is nice'), noun phrases ('She is my friend'), and prepositional phrases ('She is from Seattle') following the verb will add details to the subject. For example, in this sentence, you should have used “is” in....."The "ma" (ま) of "manako" is a changed form of "me" (目 - eye)".</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, the literal meaning of "manako" is a "child of your eye."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Therefore, the literal meaning of "manako" is <span class="f_blue">the</span> "child of your eye."
<p class="correction_comment">In your writing, you should have written "the literal meaning of "manako" is the "child of your eye.". (Since you are referring to a specific term that the reader is already acquainted with.<br/>The definite article is a determiner (the in English) that introduces a noun phrase and implies that the thing mentioned has already been mentioned, or is common knowledge, or is about to be defined (as in the book on the table; the art of government; the famous public school in Berkshire). The definite article is used before singular and plural nouns when the noun is specific or particular: The definite article is used to refer to an object that the listener or reader is already acquainted with.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This comes from the fact that "manako" was used to mean just a black part of your eye.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Incidentally, the pronunciation of "namako" (ナマコ) is very similar to "manako" (まなこ - eye), but "namako" means "sea cucumber."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Dear Toru,
 <br/>
 I would say overall this is a very good writing. Apart from just a couple of minor changes, I would not recommend anything else. It was great reading about similar Japanese words.
 <br/>
 Good luck with your English studies.
 <br/>
 Warm regards,
 <br/>
 Sunrita
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for your kind corrections and helpful comments, Sunrita-san!<br/>I'm glad to hear you say that (^^)
</div>
</div>
