---
date: 2017-12-29
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">New Year Holidays</h1>
<div class="date">Dec 29, 2017 15:08</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Today I'd like to tell you the information about New Year holidays in Japan.<br/><br/>According to a survey conducted by a Japanese company, the most common last business day for Japanese workers in 2017 is today, December 29th.<br/><br/>This is because December 29th, 2017 is Friday.<br/><br/>Also, the most common first business day in 2018 seems to be January 4th.<br/><br/>That is to say, New Year holidays are five to six days for many Japanese workers.<br/><br/>Saturday and Sunday are included in them, so the actual holidays that are given specially for New Year are about three days.<br/><br/>I thought that this number is small, but I found that it was more than holidays of the US.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
正月休み<br/><br/>今日は、日本人の正月休みに関する情報をお伝えします。<br/><br/>日本の企業が行ったアンケート調査によると、2017年の仕事納めは、本日12月29日が最も多かったようです。<br/><br/>これは、12月29日が金曜日であることに影響しているようです。<br/><br/>そして、2018年の仕事初めは、1月4日が最も多かったようです。<br/><br/>つまり、最も一般的な日本の社会人は、正月休みが5〜6日間だということです。<br/><br/>そこには土日も含まれるので、正月に特別与えられた休暇は、実質3日程度なのかもしれません。<br/><br/>私はこの日数は少ないなと思ったのですが、調べたらアメリカよりも多いようでした。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Kat</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I'd like to tell you the information about New Year holidays in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to a survey conducted by a Japanese company, the most common last business day for Japanese workers in 2017 is today, December 29th.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This is because December 29th, 2017 is Friday.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, the most common first business day in 2018 seems to be January 4th.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">That is to say, New Year holidays are five to six days for many Japanese workers.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Saturday and Sunday are included in them, so the actual holidays that are given specially for New Year are about three days.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This includes the weekend, so the actual holidays that are given specially for New Year are about three days.
<p class="correction_comment">this sounds more natural</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I thought that this number is small, but I found that it was more than holidays of the US.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I thought that this number is small, but I found that it was more than the new year holidays of the US.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Good job.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 Don't forget that the US also gets a holiday for Christmas, and many people use their sick leave to not work between Christmas and the new year.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 If a person normally works from Monday to Friday, and if they use sick leave from the 26th to the 29th, then they can not work at all from December 23rd to January 1st.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 It's the same here in Australia, except we also get a holiday on the 26th, so we only need to take 3 days off from work to get a 10 day holiday. :D
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">David</span><br>
Kat, I really like your corrections and suggestions. Happy New Year.<br/><br/>Toru San, Thank you for the info and Happy New Year to you too.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post and letting me know the helpful information!<br/><br/>It's a very nice idea to take holidays between Christmas and the new year. First of all, I hope Christmas to be a holiday also in Japan.<br/><br/>&gt; Dave san<br/>Thank you for the comment! Best Wishes for the New Year :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">David</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 I
</p>

</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">TC</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I'd like to tell you the information about New Year holidays in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today I'd like to tell you about New Year holidays in Japan.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 .
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction! :)
</div>
</div>
