---
date: 2018-01-17
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show"><strong><em>Monuke no Kara</strong></em> (もぬけの殻 - Completely Empty)</h1>
<div class="date">Jan 17, 2018 11:01</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
If there are completely no people in a building, the situation is called もぬけの殻 (monuke no kara) in Japanese.<br/><br/>もぬけ "monuke" comes from the Japanese verb: もぬける (monukeru), which means that cicadas or snakes cast their shells/skins.<br/><br/>殻 (kara) means "shell" or "slough," so "monuke no kara" originally meant "cicada shell" or "snake's slough."<br/><br/>Later, this has come to be used for buildings where no one is present or containers with nothing.<br/><br/>Also, it is thought that も (mo) of "monukeru" comes from 身 (mi - body) or 裳 (mo - kimono/clothes), so "monukeru" implies that "one's body leave" or "one leave by clothes."<br/>(Note that 抜ける(nukeru) of "monukeru" means to leave by somewhere.)
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
もぬけの殻<br/><br/>建物などに人が全く居ない状態のことを、「もぬけの殻」と言います。<br/><br/>「もぬけ」は、蛇や蝉が脱皮することを意味する「もぬける」という動詞から来ています。<br/><br/>「殻」は、"shell" を意味するので、「もぬけの殻」はもともと蛇や蝉の抜け殻を意味する言葉でした。<br/><br/>これが、人間がいなくなった建物や、物が無くなった箱などにも使われるようになったというわけです。<br/><br/>また、「もぬける」の「も」は、「身」や「裳（着物）」だと考えられており、「身が抜ける」や「着物から抜け出す」ことがこの言葉の語源だとされています。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Broch (ブロック)</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If there are completely no people in a building, the situation is called もぬけの殻 (monuke no kara) in Japanese.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">The situation in which</span> there are <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">completely</span></span> <span class="f_blue">absolutely</span> no people in a building is called もぬけの殻 (monuke no kara) in Japanese.
<p class="correction_comment">This sounds more natural to me.  We don't usually use the word "completely" for the number of people, though we can use it to describe spaces and other things.  Example: "The building was completely empty." or "The room was completely full." or "I am completely finished with work."<br/><br/>In the sentence above, "absolutely" is used to emphasize that we are definitely sure there are no people in the building.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">もぬけ "monuke" comes from the Japanese verb: もぬける (monukeru), which means that cicadas or snakes cast their shells/skins.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
もぬけ <span class="f_blue"><span class="f_bold">(</span></span>monuke<span class="f_bold"><span class="f_blue">)</span></span> comes from the Japanese verb<span class="f_red"><span class="sline"><span class="f_bold">:</span></span></span> もぬける (monukeru), which means <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">that</span></span> <span class="f_blue">for</span> cicadas or snakes <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">cast</span></span> <span class="f_blue">to shed </span>their shells/skins.
<p class="correction_comment">I'd recommend parenthesis for English translations, but the important thing is to be consistent.  You use parenthesis elsewhere, so it's best to keep doing it that way.<br/><br/>Colons should only be used to add emphasis to something specific or to show that what follows is a list.  Both of these are almost always found at the end of a sentence, never in the middle. <br/><br/>Example, "There is a specific verb in Japanese that describes the act of an animal shedding its skin: もぬける (monukeru)."<br/>Example, "I need a few things from the grocery store: milk, eggs, and bread."<br/><br/>However, when you are trying to emphasize a word or phrase with a colon, it's best to do this sparingly.  It sounds kind of dramatic, like you are building something up and then revealing it at the end.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">殻 (kara) means "shell" or "slough," so "monuke no kara" originally meant "cicada shell" or "snake's slough."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Later, this has come to be used for buildings where no one is present or containers with nothing.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Later, this <span class="f_blue">phrase</span> has come to be used for buildings where <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">no one is present or containers with nothing</span></span> <span class="f_blue">there are no people or objects inside</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">This sounds more natural.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, it is thought that も (mo) of "monukeru" comes from 身 (mi - body) or 裳 (mo - kimono/clothes), so "monukeru" implies that "one's body leave" or "one leave by clothes."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Also, it is thought that も (mo) of "monukeru" comes from 身 (mi - body) or 裳 (mo - kimono/clothes), so "monukeru" implies that "one's body <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">leave</span></span> <span class="f_blue">has left</span>" or "<span class="f_blue">some</span>one <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">leave by </span></span><span class="f_blue">has left their </span>clothes."
<p class="correction_comment">"Leave" is future tense.  "Leaving" is present tense.  "Has left" is past tense.  So when you find someone's clothes, their body has already left in the past.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">(Note that 抜ける(nukeru) of "monukeru" means to leave by somewhere.)</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
(Note that 抜ける(nukeru) of "monukeru" means to leave <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">by</span></span> somewhere.)
<p class="correction_comment">It sounds better without the "by."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I did not know the word "slough" in English, so thanks for teaching me something about my own language! もぬけの殻 is also an interesting phrase.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 Excellent work on these sentences!  You were attempting some difficult grammar rules.  A lot of English writers don't know how to properly put a parenthetical sentence at the end like that either.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections and helpful comments!<br/>I learned something new! And I'm so glad to hear you say that (^^)
</div>
</div>
