---
date: 2018-05-24
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show"><strong><em>Hyō and Arare</strong></em> (Hailstone)</h1>
<div class="date">May 24, 2018 21:20</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Around today's noon, a lot of large hailstones fell in Hachioji city, Tokyo.<br/><br/>I was astonished because loud noises suddenly generated from outside windows.<br/><br/>The reason seems that cumulonimbus clouds developed rapidly due to the passing of pressure trough accompanied by cold air.<br/><br/>Surprisingly, the diameter of the hailstones was more than 1 cm.<br/><br/>In Japan, hailstones are called hyō (ひょう) when the diameter exceeds 5 mm, whereas they are called arare (あられ) when the diameter is less than 5 mm.<br/><br/>Incidentally, hyō and arare often fall in early summer and early winter, respectively.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
「ひょう」と「あられ」<br/><br/>今日の昼頃、東京の八王子市周辺で、大粒のひょうが降り注ぎました。<br/><br/>窓の外から突然大きな音がしてきたので、驚きました。<br/><br/>寒気を伴う気圧の谷が上空を通過し、急速に積乱雲が発達したことが原因のようです。<br/><br/>驚くことに、氷粒の直径は 1 cm を超えていました。<br/><br/>日本では、氷粒の直径が 5 mm を超えると「ひょう」、5 mm 未満の場合は「あられ」と言います。<br/><br/>ちなみに、ひょうは初夏、あられは初冬に降ることが多いです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">atsui</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Around today's noon, a lot of large hailstones fell in Hachioji city, Tokyo.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Today around noon</span>, a lot of large hailstones fell in Hachioji city, Tokyo.
<p class="correction_comment">There's a few variations you can say this, but here's one that sounds natural to me.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I was astonished because loud noises suddenly generated from outside windows.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I was astonished because loud noises suddenly <span class="f_blue">rang out </span>from outside <span class="f_blue">the</span> windows.
<p class="correction_comment">"generated" is kind of dry language, so I replaced it with something more descriptive. Maybe "rang out" is more like storytelling language. In normal conversation, maybe you can just say "came".</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The reason seems that cumulonimbus clouds developed rapidly due to the passing of pressure trough accompanied by cold air.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The reason seems that cumulonimbus clouds developed rapidly due to the passing of <span class="f_blue">a</span> pressure trough accompanied by cold air.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Amazing! I was in Tokyo but I didn't notice anything from inside the office.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 ひょう has a kanji, right? Is this it? 氷
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction!<br/>&gt; ひょう has a kanji, right? Is this it? 氷<br/>Yes, ひょう has a kanji, but it is not 氷. ひょう can be written as 雹 in kanji, but it is not included in the national list of Chinese characters in common use.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">artboy598</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Around today's noon, a lot of large hailstones fell in Hachioji city, Tokyo.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Around noon today,</span> a lot of large hailstones fell in Hachioji city, Tokyo.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Surprisingly, the diameter of the hailstones was more than 1 cm.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In Japan, hailstones are called hyō (ひょう) when the diameter exceeds 5 mm, whereas they are called arare (あられ) when the diameter is less than 5 mm.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Incidentally, hyō and arare often fall in early summer and early winter, respectively.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much always for correcting me! :)
</div>
</div>
