---
date: 2018-06-08
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# <strong><em>Shinki Itten</strong></em> (心機一転 - Turning Over a New Leaf)
<div class="date">Jun 8, 2018 22:49</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
<strong><em>Shinki Itten</strong></em><br/><br/>Two days ago, I introduced you to the phrase "ki ga ki de nai" (気が気でない - anxious), because I was terribly anxious about a result of a certain thing.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, I received a negative result and was very depressed yesterday.<br/><br/>However, I would like to renew my mind and do my best from today.<br/><br/>To express this my thought, I can say the four-character idiom, shinki itten (心機一転).<br/><br/>Shin (心) means <em>heart,</em> ki (機) means <em>impulse,</em> i/ichi (一) means <em>one,</em> and ten (転) means 'rolling.'<br/><br/>That is to say, shinki means "mind movement," itten means "something changes drastically," and the combination means "to turn over a new leaf."
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
心機一転<br/><br/>二日前、私はある結果が気になって仕方がなく、「気が気でない」という表現を紹介しました。<br/><br/>そして昨日、残念な結果を受け取り、とても落ち込みました。<br/><br/>しかし今日からは、気持ちを改めて頑張っていきたいと思います。<br/><br/>この私の考えを表す四字熟語として、「心機一転」があります。<br/><br/>「心」は "mind/heart," 「機」は "impulse," 「一」は "one," そして 「転」は "rolling" を意味します。<br/><br/>すなわち「心機」は "mind movement," 「一転」は "something changes drastically," そして「心機一転」は "to turn over a new leaf" を意味するというわけです。 
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">vincent</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Two days ago, I introduced you to the phrase "ki ga ki de nai" (気が気でない - anxious), because I was terribly anxious about a result of a certain thing.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Two days ago, I introduced you to the phrase "ki ga ki de nai" (気が気でない - anxious), because I was terribly anxious about the result of a certain thing.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Unfortunately, I received a negative result and was very depressed yesterday.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Unfortunately, I received a negative result and was very depressed yesterday.
<p class="correction_comment">Assuming you are not literally talking about a test which produces a "negative" or "positive" result(e.g a medical test). There are  a number of more natural ways this could be phrased e.g<br/>Unfortunately, it didn't work out and I was very depressed yesterday.<br/>Unfortunately, I didn't succeed and was very depressed yesterday.<br/>Unfortunately, I didn't get a good result and was very depressed yesterday.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, I would like to renew my mind and do my best from today.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, I would like to renew my mind and do my best from today.
<p class="correction_comment">Personally I would write something like, "However, today I want to start doing my best again.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">To express this my thought, I can say the four-character idiom, shinki itten (心機一転).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
To express my thoughts, I can say the four-character idiom, shinki itten (心機一転).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">That is to say, shinki means "mind movement," itten means "something changes drastically," and the combination means "to turn over a new leaf."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
That is to say, shinki means "mind movement," itten means something "changes drastically," and in combination they mean "to turn over a new leaf."
<p class="correction_comment">Better use "change of heart" instead of mind movement.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I am feeling very sleepy, hope I didn't make any mistakes :) 頑張って！
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections! (^^)
</div>
</div>
