---
date: 2018-06-26
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Second Person Pronouns</h1>
<div class="date">Jun 26, 2018 15:25</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
It may be very difficult for Japanese learners to treat Japanese second person pronouns.<br/><br/>Second person pronouns are pronouns used when writers/speakers address someone directly; the most common one in English is 'you.'<br/><br/>The Japanese language has <strong><em>anata</em></strong> (あなた) and <strong><em>kimi</em></strong> (君) as typical translations of <em>you,</em> but you should not use them blindly.<br/><br/>In Japan, second person pronouns are basically used only to refer to your friends or lower ranking people.<br/><br/>If you want to refer to someone safely, you can choose several ways: adding <strong><em>san</em></strong> (さん) to one's last name, using one's position name like <strong><em>sensei</em></strong> (先生 - teacher) or <strong><em>buchō</em></strong> (部長 - manager), or not using any second person terms.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
二人称代名詞<br/><br/>日本語を学ぶ外国人にとって、二人称代名詞の扱いはとても難しいかもしれません。<br/><br/>二人称代名詞とは、受け手を指す代名詞のことで、英語では 'you' が一般的です。<br/><br/>典型的な 'you' の訳語としては「あなた」や「君」がありますが、気軽に使っていはいけません。<br/><br/>日本において、二人称代名詞は基本的に同格もしくは目下の相手にしか使われず、目上の相手に対しては失礼になってしまうからです。<br/><br/>無難で一般的な相手の呼び方としては、名字に「さん」をつける、「先生」「部長」など役職で呼ぶ、そもそも二人称を省略するなどがあります。
</div></div>

## Corrections (4)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">lenubis</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It may be very difficult for Japanese learners to treat Japanese second person pronouns.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It may be very difficult for Japanese learners to <span class="f_red">handle</span> <span class="sline">treat </span>Japanese second person pronouns.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Second person pronouns are pronouns used when writers/speakers address someone directly; the most common one in English is 'you.'</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The Japanese language has 'anata' (あなた) and 'kimi' (君) as typical translations of 'you,' but you should not use them blindly.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In Japan, second person pronouns are basically used only to refer to your friends or lower ranking people.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If you want to refer to someone safely, you can choose several ways: adding 'san' (さん) to one's last name, using one's position name like 'sensei' (先生 - teacher) or 'buchō' (部長 - manager), or not using any second person terms.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
If you want to refer to someone <span class="f_red">without offending them</span><span class="sline">safely</span>, you can choose several ways: adding 'san' (さん) to one's last name, using one's position name like 'sensei' (先生 - teacher) or 'buchō' (部長 - manager), or <span class="f_red">simply</span> not using any second person terms.
<p class="correction_comment">'safe' という言葉をどうしても使いたいとしたら、"The safest way to refer to someone is to ...."という文型もありますが、ここは三つの選択肢が挙げられているので不適切です。なぜならこの文型には最上級のsafestを使われて、一番無難な方法を提案する文型です。</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post!<br/>私の日本語の文章を元に添削してくれてありがとうございます！
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Matt</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It may be very difficult for Japanese learners to treat Japanese second person pronouns.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It may be very difficult for Japanese learners to treat Japanese second person pronouns.
<p class="correction_comment">use, correctly use, manage the use of, etc.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Second person pronouns are pronouns used when writers/speakers address someone directly; the most common one in English is 'you.'</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Second person pronouns are pronouns used when writers/speakers address someone directly, the most common one in English being 'you.'
<p class="correction_comment">As an alternative. I think it simplifies this sentence to not have two separate clauses.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The Japanese language has 'anata' (あなた) and 'kimi' (君) as typical translations of 'you,' but you should not use them blindly.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The Japanese language has 'anata' (あなた) and 'kimi' (君) as typical translations of 'you,' but<span class="f_blue"> they should not be used</span> blindly.
<p class="correction_comment">Up to this point, your post has been in a 3rd person mode and here you switch to the use of the second person. It's not overly problematic; however, to increase the coherence and cohesiveness of your text, I might recommend to choose either a 2nd or 3rd person approach and maintain it throughout. At the start you might have said "As a learner of Japanese, you may find it very difficult..." to create an more intimate feel with your reader through the use of the 2nd person perspective. You're talking directly to me in a teacherly way. <br/><br/>Or here, to keep it 3rd person impersonal and more factual, you could change the sentence as I indicate above.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In Japan, second person pronouns are basically used only to refer to your friends or lower ranking people.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In Japan, second person pronouns are basically used only to refer to <span class="f_blue">one's</span> friends or lower ranking people.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If you want to refer to someone safely, you can choose several ways: adding 'san' (さん) to one's last name, using one's position name like 'sensei' (先生 - teacher) or 'buchō' (部長 - manager), or not using any second person terms.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">To refer to someone directly in a socially appropriate way</span>, <span class="f_blue">there are</span> several <span class="f_blue">options</span>: adding 'san' (さん) to <span class="f_blue">someone's</span> last name, using <span class="f_blue">his or her title</span>, <span class="f_blue">for example</span> 'sensei' (先生 - teacher) or 'buchō' (部長 - manager), or <span class="f_blue">avoiding direct reference altogether</span>, <span class="f_blue">instead letting context indicate to whom one is referring.</span>
<p class="correction_comment">I may have inserted too much of myself into this correction. I was trying to extend the impersonal mode and found some difficulty doing so.<br/><br/>A few notes:<br/><br/>"safely" is certainly understandable. It has a casual sense and would work best in a paragraph addressing the reader directly. "socially appropriate" is more descriptive and exact and fits with an impersonal description.<br/><br/>options/choices/possibilities feels better than "ways" for some reason.<br/><br/>You introduce the 相手 as "someone" in your introductory 'if' clause. But then it changes to "one" in the 'options' list. It's not overly confusing, but by maintaining the use of "someone" it makes it clear. Using "one" to refer to a person is most typical of a 3rd person only description and therefore indicates the reader. Because you have mixed "you" and "someone" and "one," it is possible to make an argument that "one" is ambiguous in reference.<br/><br/>"Title" is better than "position name" <br/><br/>I think since you mention this list as being "several ways" "to refer to someone," for the last option you shouldn't just leave it at "not using any second person terms." Your reader may not know that even without using those terms, they may still be referring to their interlocutor. The context of the conversation is what allows the omission of such overt terms, correct? Saying so explicitly is an important part of your explanation, I believe.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections and helpful comments! :)<br/>I understand well. I will do my best to improve the coherence of my texts.<br/>Indeed, although I said "several ways," it was odd that one of them was "not using..."
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">artboy598</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 Thank you!  If I am address multiple people, should I just say “mina-san”?  What about hypothetical situations?  “If the fire spreads you should grab the fire extinguishers”.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Yes, you should 'mina-san' or 'mina-sama' when you address multiple people. (If these people are your friends or lower ranking people, you can also say 'minna.') In hypothetical situations, in my opinion, it is better/natural to avoid using pronouns. “If the fire spreads you should grab the fire extinguishers” can be translated as "もし火災が発生したら、消化器を使って下さい。"
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">artboy598</span><br>
本当にありがとうございます。分かりました！
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 4　<span class="just_name">Kiwi</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 can I say お前さん？
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Yes, you can say お前さん.<br/>However, note that it is used to refer to lower ranking people as with other second person pronouns.
</div>
</div>
