---
date: 2018-07-28
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: "1318_tyhoon-no-12"
---

# 【No. 1318】Tyhoon No. 12
<div class="date">Jul 28, 2018 22:54</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Tyhoon No. 12<br/><br/>It is raining cats and gods. <br/><br/>This is because Typhoon No. 12 is approaching.<br/><br/>Also, I have a terrible headache.<br/><br/>This is because the atmospheric pressure is dropping dramatically due to the approach of the typhoon.<br/><br/>Today I found a website called <strong><em>zutool</em></strong> (頭痛ーる - literally a headache tool), which shows information about atmospheric pressure and the percentage of people who are feeling headaches.<br/><br/><a href="https://zutool.jp/" target="_blank">https://zutool.jp/</a><br/><br/>According to this site, now the atmospheric pressure in Tokyo is significantly lower than usual, and the 86% of users are feeling headache.<br/><br/>I would like to take medicine and stay in bed today.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
台風12号<br/><br/>激しい雨が降っています。<br/><br/>台風12号が近づいているからです。<br/><br/>そして私は今、ひどく頭が痛いです。<br/><br/>台風の接近によって、気圧が下がっているからだと考えられます。<br/><br/>私は今日、気圧の情報と頭痛を感じている人の割合を知ることが出来る「頭痛ーる」というサイトを見つけました。<br/><br/><a href="https://zutool.jp/" target="_blank">https://zutool.jp/</a><br/><br/>このサイトによると、現在東京の気圧が大きく下がっており、約86％のユーザーが頭痛を感じています。<br/><br/>今日は薬を飲んで、おとなしくしていようと思います。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">tony</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is raining cats and gods.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is raining cats and <span class="f_red">dog</span>s.
<p class="correction_comment">dog = 犬<br/>god = 神</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This is because Typhoon No.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">12 is approaching.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, I have a terrible headache.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This is because the atmospheric pressure is dropping dramatically due to the approach of the typhoon.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This is because the atmospheric pressure is dropping dramatically due to the approach of the typhoon. [Alternative: ... dropping dramatically as the typhoon approaches.]
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I found a website called 'zutool' (頭痛ーる - literally a headache tool), which shows information about atmospheric pressure and the percentage of people who are feeling headaches.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today I found a website called 'zutool' (頭痛ーる - literally a headache tool), which shows information about atmospheric pressure and the percentage of people who are <span class="f_red">having</span>/<span class="f_red">experiencing</span> headaches. [Alternatives: ... people who have headaches. ... people whose heads are hurting.]
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to this site, now the atmospheric pressure in Tokyo is significantly lower than usual, and the 86% of users are feeling headache.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to this site, <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">now</span></span> the atmospheric pressure in Tokyo is (now) significantly lower than usual, and <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">the</span></span> 86% of users (?) <span class="f_red">have</span> headache<span class="f_red">s</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">Why does it matter whether or not people are users of the website?<br/>The word "now" is not needed, but if you want to use it for emphasis, it is better to put it after "is".</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I would like to take medicine and stay in bed today.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 激しい雨が降っています。
 <br/>
 It is raining hard.
 <br/>
 It is pouring.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections. :)<br/><br/>&gt; It is raining cats and gods.<br/>I am very ashamed of my mistake.<br/><br/>&gt; Why does it matter whether or not people are users of the website?<br/>To tell the truth, probably the website is mainly used by people who have migraines or headaches. Therefore, I thought that it was exaggerated to say "86% of people."
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">tony</span><br>
If the website is reporting statistics of how many users of the website say they have headaches, then this makes sense. If the website is reporting how many people can be expected to have headaches when the atmospheric pressure is this low, then "users" doesn't make sense. The atmospheric pressure should be expected to affect people the same way whether or not they use the website.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">David</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to this site, now the atmospheric pressure in Tokyo is significantly lower than usual, and the 86% of users are feeling headache.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to this site, now the atmospheric pressure in Tokyo is significantly lower than usual, and 86% of the users (are feeling a headache)/(have a headache).
<p class="correction_comment">the 86% of users --&gt; 86% of the users<br/><br/>are feeling headache --&gt; are feeling a headache (passive) have a headache (active).<br/><br/><br/>This is a an unusual sentence. Objectively I don't think there's anything wrong with it. I do agree with tony's comments.<br/><br/>"Now" is a good word. It does mean "at the present time or moment" and it's meaning certainly fits. It's just that the word down't work there. It feel's wrong. I'd have no problems with either of the following:<br/><br/>According to this site, at the current time the atmospheric pressure in Tokyo is significantly lower than usual<br/><br/>According to this site, the atmospheric pressure in Tokyo is now significantly lower than usual...<br/><br/>However, if you swap the 'now' and 'at the current time' in the sentences they sound wrong.<br/><br/>I'm sorry, I can't provide an explanation why. <br/><br/>I also think you might be missing a point. It's not that 86% of all the users of the site have a headache, right? It would be my interpretation that you mean that 86% of the site's users who have also identified themselves as being in the Tokyo area were experience headaches. If so, would this work?<br/><br/>... and 86% of their Tokyo (area) users (are feeling a headache)/(have a headache).<br/><br/>Thoughts?</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction. :)<br/><br/>&gt; However, if you swap the 'now' and 'at the current time' in the sentences they sound wrong.<br/>I often mistake the positions of adverbs.<br/>I would like to get used to using adverbs.<br/><br/>&gt; It would be my interpretation that you mean that 86% of the site's users who have also identified themselves as being in the Tokyo area were experience headaches. If so, would this work?<br/>Ah, you're right. Actually, I thought that the percentage was for all the users of the site, but it was for the users living in the Tokyo (Shibuya) area. Thank you for pointing it out.
</div>
</div>
