---
date: 2018-08-18
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Mountain Climbing Alone</h1>
<div class="date">Aug 18, 2018 15:31</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Mountain Climbing Alone<br/><br/>Today I woke up early and tried to climb Mountain Hinode alone.<br/><br/>Since it takes about only three hours to climb up and down the mountain, it might be closer to hiking than climbing.<br/><br/>However, it was really tough for me to reach the top of the mountain, because these days I have not taken exercise.<br/><br/>When I reached the mountain's peak, I felt awful, so I needed to rest on a bench for about 30 minutes.<br/><br/>After recovering from the bad feeling, I realized that there were beautiful mountains with a nice view.<br/><br/>This is the best part of climbing.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
一人登山<br/><br/>今日は早起きし、一人で日の出山を登りに行きました。<br/><br/>往復約3時間のコースで、登山というよりはハイキングに近いです。<br/><br/>しかし、最近運動していなかった私にとって、山頂まで行くのはとても大変でした。<br/><br/>山頂についたら、吐きそうになってしまい、30分くらい座って休む必要がありした。<br/><br/>そして気分が落ち着いてからまわりを見渡すと、見晴らしの良い素敵な景色が広がっていました。<br/><br/>登山の醍醐味です。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Kaymona</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I woke up early and tried to climb Mountain Hinode alone.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today I woke up early and tried to climb Mountain Hinode <span class="sline">alone</span> <span class="f_blue">by myself</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">'alone' is fine, but 'by myself' might be more natural here.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since it takes about only three hours to climb up and down the mountain, it might be closer to hiking than climbing.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since it takes about only three hours to climb up and down the mountain, it might be <span class="f_blue">considered </span>closer to hiking than climbing.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, it was really tough for me to reach the top of the mountain, because these days I have not taken exercise.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, it was really tough for me to reach the top of the mountain because these days I have not <span class="sline">taken</span> <span class="f_red">been </span>exercis<span class="f_red">ing</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">'taken exercise' is not a phrase that is used, 'been exercising' is more natural.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">When I reached the mountain's peak, I felt awful, so I needed to rest on a bench for about 30 minutes.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
When I reached the <span class="sline"><span class="f_blue">mountain's</span></span> peak, I felt awful. <span class="f_blue">S</span>o I needed to rest on a bench for about 30 minutes.
<p class="correction_comment">'mountain's peak' is fine, but more people say 'When I reached the peak' because we already know they are talking about a mountain.<br/><br/>There is a pretty big pause after 'awful', so I separated it into 2 sentences. (optional)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">After recovering from the bad feeling, I realized that there were beautiful mountains with a nice view.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
After recovering <span class="sline"><span class="f_blue">from the bad feeling</span></span>, I realized that <span class="sline"><span class="f_blue">there were</span></span> <span class="f_blue">I could see </span>beautiful mountains with a nice view.
<p class="correction_comment">'After recovering from the bad feeling' doesn't sound natural in this case.  You can also say "After resting for a bit" where recovery is implied.<br/><br/>'there were beautiful...' is fine, but it's a bit unclear that you realized you could 'see' beautiful mountains instead of the existence of mountains being there.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This is the best part of climbing.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="sline">This</span> <span class="f_blue">That </span>is the best part of climbing.
<p class="correction_comment">'This' is okay, but most people would say 'That' since you talked about it already.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 That sounds like a great time with gorgeous views!  ^_^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections and explanations. :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">David</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I woke up early and tried to climb Mountain Hinode alone.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today I woke up early and tried to climb Mount Hinode alone.
<p class="correction_comment">I've no problem with 'alone.'<br/><br/>Mountain --&gt; Mount - It's not that 'mountain' is wrong but it is not convention. When we reference a mountain by name we use Mount (Mt.) instead of 'Mountain.' <br/><br/>Mount Fuji<br/>Mt. Fuji<br/><br/>Or as a casual reference, "I climbed Fuji."<br/><br/>Think of 'Mt.' as sort of an honorific like  Mr., Mrs., Miss, Ms. except for a mountain.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the helpful correction. :)
</div>
</div>
