---
date: 2018-10-01
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">The Meaning of 'Ippai'</h1>
<div class="date">Oct 1, 2018 12:39</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
The Meaning of 'Ippai'<br/><br/>Yesterday, I introduced you to the Japanese phrase <strong><em>ippai kuwasu</em></strong> (一杯食わす), which means to deceive someone thoroughly.<br/><br/>In that post, I explained that <strong><em>ippai</em></strong> (一杯) means "a cup of something" or "a bowl of something."<br/><br/>In fact, since <strong><em>i/ichi</em></strong> (一) means "one" and <strong><em>hai/pai</em></strong> (杯) means "cup" or "bowl," the literal meaning of ippai is as described above.<br/><br/>However, when you use ippai as an adverb or an adjective, its meaning becomes "full" or "many."<br/><br/>In this case, the characters 一杯 implies that a cup/bowl is full of something.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
「一杯」の意味<br/><br/>昨日は、誰かをうまく騙すことを意味する「一杯食わす」という表現を紹介しました。<br/><br/>その中で、「一杯」は "a cup of something" や "a bowl of something" を意味すると説明しました。<br/><br/>実際、「一」は "one," 「杯」は "cup" や "bowl" を意味するので、文字通りの意味は前述のとおりとなります。<br/><br/>しかし、「一杯」を副詞もしくは形容詞として使うとき、「たくさんの」という意味になります。<br/><br/>このとき、「一杯」という字は、容器に何かが満ち溢れるほど入っていることを示唆しています。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">ganbat2</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The Meaning of 'Ippai'</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, I introduced you to the Japanese phrase 'ippai kuwasu' (一杯食わす), which means to deceive someone thoroughly.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Yesterday, I introduced you to the Japanese phrase "ippai kuwasu" (一杯食わす), which means "to deceive someone thoroughly".
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In that post, I explained that 'ippai' (一杯) means "a cup of something" or "a bowl of something."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In that post, I explained that "ippai" (一杯) means "a cup of something" or "a bowl of something."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In fact, since 'i/ichi' (一) means "one" and 'hai/pai' (杯) means "cup" or "bowl," the literal meaning of ippai is as described above.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In fact, since "i/ichi" (一) means "one" and "hai/pai" (杯) means "cup" or "bowl," the literal meaning of ippai is as described above.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, when you use ippai as an adverb or an adjective, its meaning becomes "full" or "many."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, when you use "ippai" as an adverb or an adjective, its meaning becomes "full" or "many."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In this case, the characters 一杯 implies that a cup/bowl is full of something.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Good job. I'm not entirely sure why you switched between single quotes and double quotes.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction!<br/>I've used single quotes for Japanese words that appeared for the first time, and double quotes for English terms. Also, I've used single quotes as a substitute for italic notation. In general sentences, italicizing is only used when the term appears for the first time, so I removed single quotes after the second appearance.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">ganbat2</span><br>
&gt;In general sentences, italicizing is only used when the term appears for the first time, so I removed single quotes after the second appearance.<br/><br/>^ Do you have a source for the above statement? <br/><br/>As far as I know, the rules regarding the usage of italics and single/double quotation marks are more complicated than this. For instance, I am pretty sure that one does not simply replace italics with single quotes. They both have their own specific usages, I would say. However, this is outside my realm of expertise as I am not a teacher but here is a link for a bit more information: <br/><a href="https://www.quickanddirtytips.com/education/grammar/single-quotation-marks-versus-double-quotation-marks?page=1" target="_blank">https://www.quickanddirtytips.com/education/grammar/single-quotation-marks-versus-double-quotation-marks?page=1</a><br/><br/>There are other rules of engagement and I encourage you to read up on them. 
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for the comment! :)<br/>I will check the website.<br/><br/>&gt; ^ Do you have a source for the above statement? <br/>I often read Wikipedia, and I think that the rules are used there.<br/>e.g., <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Futon" target="_blank">https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Futon</a><br/>Also, I've referred to the several Lang-8 users' opinions related to the usage.<br/><br/>&gt; I am pretty sure that one does not simply replace italics with single quotes.<br/>Of course, I understand the fact that italics cannot be replaced with single quotes. Unfortunately, this website (Lang-8) doesn't have the function of italicizing, so I've replaced it with single quotes temporarily. When I rewrite my posts on my blog, I will use italics.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
I'm not sure whether or not this is an appropriate source, but the following site says:<br/>"if the writer feels that a word is largely unfamiliar to the intended audience, italicizing it may be the reasonable thing to do, dictionary entry notwithstanding. If the word is going to be used frequently in the text, then it need be italicized only the first time it is introduced."<br/><a href="https://www.dailywritingtips.com/italicizing-foreign-words/" target="_blank">https://www.dailywritingtips.com/italicizing-foreign-words/</a>
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">ganbat2</span><br>
&gt;I often read Wikipedia, and I think that the rules are used there.<br/><br/>I highly recommend against utilizing this method. Wikipedia is not an authoritative source and in many cases is not accepted to be used as such when writing papers in American schools. <br/><br/>The link I referred you to referenced the Modern Language Association (MLA). This is one of the most authoritative sources of information regarding the correct usage of English in the USA. I recommend this source.<br/><a href="https://www.mla.org/Publications/Bookstore/Nonseries/MLA-Handbook-Eighth-Edition" target="_blank">https://www.mla.org/Publications/Bookstore/Nonseries/MLA-Handbook-Eighth-Edition</a><br/><br/>&gt;Unfortunately, this website (Lang-8) doesn't have the function of italicizing, so I've replaced it with single quotes temporarily. When I rewrite my posts on my blog, I will use italics.<br/><br/>^ I forgot about the limitations of this website. As long as you are aware of the rules, great! Keep up the good work!
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for letting me know that.<br/>I will buy the book and read it. (^^)
</div>
</div>
