---
date: 2018-10-09
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Tōtō toto Tottōto?</h1>
<div class="date">Oct 9, 2018 13:31</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Tōtō toto Tottōto?<br/><br/>Yesterday, I introduced you to a phrase that uses a lot of <strong><em>ka</em></strong> (か).<br/><br/>After that, when I was browsing the Internet, I found another interesting phrase using the dialect in Hakata -- which was introduced by Japanese comedians.<br/><br/>It is "Tōtō Toto tottōto?" (とうとう toto とっとーと？).<br/><br/><em>Tōtō</em> is a common Japanese term meaning "finally" or "eventually," <em>Toto</em> means a kind of lottery, <strong><em>to</em></strong> (と/獲) means "to get/obtain," and <strong><em>tōto</em></strong> (とーと) is a dialect that means "Did you do ~?"<br/><br/>That is to say, "Tōtō Toto tottōto?" means "Did you finally get/win the Toto?"
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
とうとうとととっとーと？<br/><br/>昨日は「か」ばかりを使った文章を紹介しました。<br/><br/>その後、インターネットを見ていたら、あるお笑い芸人が博多弁を使った「と」ばかりの文章を紹介していました。<br/><br/>それは「とうとうとととっとーと？」です。<br/><br/>「とうとう」は「遂に」を意味する一般的な日本語で、「とと」は「totoくじ」のこと、「と」は "" を意味する「獲る」を、「とーと」は「～したの？」を意味する博多弁です。<br/><br/>すなわち「とうとうとととっとーと？」は、「ついに toto くじを手に入れた（当てた）の？」という意味になります。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Xishem</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Tōtō toto Tottōto?</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, I introduced you to a phrase that uses a lot of 'ka' (か).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Yesterday, I introduced you to a phrase that uses a lot of <span class="f_blue">(the syllable/character)</span> 'ka' (か).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">After that, when I was browsing the Internet, I found another interesting phrase using the dialect in Hakata -- which was introduced by Japanese comedians.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
After that, when / <span class="f_blue">while</span> I was browsing the Internet, I found another interesting phrase using the [dialect in Hakata / <span class="f_blue">Hakata dialect</span>], which was introduced / <span class="f_blue">created</span> by Japanese comedians.
<p class="correction_comment">Using "which" after an em dash ("--" or "—") doesn't work. It's one of the few cases where the em dash fails. If you want to use an em dash still, maybe:<br/><br/>"... Hakata dialect — this dialect was created... "</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is "Tōtō Toto tottōto?" (とうとう toto とっとーと？).</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Tōtō' is a common Japanese term meaning "finally" or "eventually," 'Toto' means a kind of lottery, 'to' (と/獲) means "to get/obtain," and 'tōto' (とーと) is a dialect that means "Did you do ~?"</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
'Tōtō' is a common Japanese term meaning "finally" or "eventually," 'Toto' means a kind of lottery, 'to' (と/獲) means "to get/obtain," and 'tōto' (とーと) is a <span class="f_blue">colloquial phrase (of the Hakata dialect)</span> that means "Did you do ~?"
<p class="correction_comment">"tōto" isn't a dialect itself, but it is part of the dialect. Usually a phrase that is part of a dialect but not part of "standard language" is called a "colloquial phrase" or "colloquialism". A more technical term might be "dialectal phrase/variation".</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">That is to say, "Tōtō Toto tottōto?" means "Did you finally get/win the Toto?"</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting writing! Let me know if you have any questions.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 -----
 <br/>
 <br/>
 This reminds me of a construction in English:
 <br/>
 <br/>
 "Buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo buffalo buffalo Buffalo buffalo."
 <br/>
 <br/>
 It's a grammatically correct sentence that uses 3 different meanings for the word "buffalo".
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <a href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buffalo_buffalo_Buffalo_buffalo_buffalo_buffalo_Buffalo_buffalo" target="_blank">
  https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Buffalo_buffalo_Buffalo_buffalo_buffalo_buffalo_Buffalo_buffalo
 </a>
 — if you want to read more about it.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Xishem</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
After that, when / <span class="f_blue">while</span> I was browsing the Internet, I found another interesting phrase using the [dialect in Hakata / <span class="f_blue">Hakata dialect</span>], which was introduced / <span class="f_blue">created</span> by Japanese comedians.
<p class="correction_comment">
Using "which" after an em dash ("--" or "—") doesn't work. It's one of the few cases where the em dash fails. If you want to use an em dash still, maybe:<br/><br/>"... Hakata dialect — this dialect was created... "
</p>
</li>
</ul></div>
I wanted to clarify. Using a relative clause immediately after an em dash doesn't work. In this case, that relative clause begins with "which", but it's the relative clause that makes it invalid.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post and letting me know the interesting sentence!<br/>I understand well. (^^)
</div>
</div>
