---
date: 2018-10-16
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 1398_four-seasons-in-japan
---

# 【No. 1398】Four Seasons in Japan
<div class="date">Oct 16, 2018 17:06</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Four Seasons in Japan<br/><br/>Some Japanese people say "Japan has four seasons," but foreign people who heard that would be confused.<br/><br/>Of course, there are four seasons in many countries all over the world.<br/><br/>Then why some Japanese people believe that the four seasons are unique to Japan?<br/><br/>I think that this is because Japanese people have divided a year into every three months equally and distinctly, assigned four seasons there, and cherished traditional events of each season.<br/><br/>In fact, most traditional events in Japan are based on/deeply related to one of four seasons.<br/><br/>Therefore, I think that we should say "Japan cherishes traditional seasonal events," rather than "Japan has four seasons."
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
日本の四季<br/><br/>「日本には四季がある」と言う日本人を見かけますが、これを聞いた外国人は疑問に思うかもしれません。<br/><br/>もちろん四季は、世界中の多くの国々で存在します。<br/><br/>それではなぜ、四季は日本独自のものだと信じている日本人がいるのでしょうか。<br/><br/>これは、日本人が一年を3ヶ月ずつ均等に分けて四季を当てはめ、各季節の伝統行事を大切にしてきたたためであると考えられます。<br/><br/>実際、日本で行われている伝統行事の多くは、四季と関連しています。<br/><br/>このため、「日本には四季がある」ではなく、「日本は四季毎の伝統行事を大切にしている」などと言うのが良いかもしれません。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Amop567</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Four Seasons in Japan</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">(The)</span> Four Seasons in Japan
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Some Japanese people say "Japan has four seasons," but foreign people who heard that would be confused.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Of course, there are four seasons in many countries all over the world.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Then why some Japanese people believe that the four seasons are unique to Japan?</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Then why <span class="f_blue">do </span>some Japanese people believe that the four seasons are unique to Japan?
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think that this is because Japanese people have divided a year into every three months equally and distinctly, assigned four seasons there, and cherished traditional events of each season.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I think that this is because Japanese people have divided a year into <span class="f_blue">four distinct, three month</span> seasons, and <span class="f_blue">have</span> cherished traditional events of each season.
<p class="correction_comment">more concise</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In fact, most traditional events in Japan are based on/deeply related to one of four seasons.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In fact, most traditional events in Japan are <span class="sline"><span class="f_red">based on/</span></span>deeply related to one of four seasons.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, I think that we should say "Japan cherishes traditional seasonal events," rather than "Japan has four seasons."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Of course, much of the world shares the concept of dividing a year into four seasons. But I think you are right to say Japan's traditional seasonal events are what makes it unique.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for correcting my post! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Oceansea</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think that this is because Japanese people have divided a year into every three months equally and distinctly, assigned four seasons there, and cherished traditional events of each season.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I think that this is because Japanese people have divided <span class="f_blue">the </span>year into <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">every </span></span><span class="f_blue">four </span><span class="f_blue">equal </span>and <span class="f_blue">distinct </span><span class="f_blue">seasons</span>, assigned <span class="f_blue">three months to each</span>, and <span class="f_blue">have </span>cherished traditional events of each season.
<p class="correction_comment">I think this is the grammer structure you were aiming for.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In fact, most traditional events in Japan are based on/deeply related to one of four seasons.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In fact, most traditional events in Japan are based on <span class="f_blue">or are</span> deeply related to one of <span class="f_blue">the </span>four seasons.
<p class="correction_comment">You can replace the "/" with "or."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Therefore, I think that we should say "Japan cherishes traditional seasonal events," rather than "Japan has four seasons."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I agree! That would be much less confusing!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction! (^^)
</div>
</div>
