---
date: 2018-10-21
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 1403_okku
---

# 【No. 1403】<strong><em>Okkū</strong></em> (億劫 - Bothersome)
<div class="date">Oct 21, 2018 22:45</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
<strong><em>Okkū</strong></em><br/><br/>If you want to describe a feeling that you are not willing to do something because of bothersome, you can use the Japanese term <strong><em>okkū</em></strong> (億劫).<br/><br/>Originally, <em>okkū</em> was a Buddhist term, which represented a length of time that was too long to measure.<br/><br/><strong><em>Oku</em></strong> (億) means "a hundred million," and <strong><em>kū/kou</em></strong> (劫) means a time taken to completely disperse a rocky mountain with a side length of about 2000 kilometers by stroking it with a cloth once in 100 years.<br/><br/>Since such an act to take a lot of time is troublesome and bothersome, <em>okkū</em> has come to have the meaning of "bothersome."
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
億劫<br/><br/>何かをするのが面倒で気が進まないことを、日本語で「億劫」と言うことがあります。<br/><br/>「億劫」はもともと仏教用語で、計算できないほどの大変な長さの時間を表すものでした。<br/><br/>「億」は一億 ("a hundred million")、「劫」は1辺約2000kmの岩山を100年に一度布で撫で、岩山が擦り減って無くなるのにかかる程の時間を意味します。<br/><br/>このようにとてつもなく時間のかかるものは面倒であることから、「億劫」は「面倒」の意味を持つようになったというわけです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">HaveringChinese</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">If you want to describe a feeling that you are not willing to do something because of bothersome, you can use the Japanese term 'okkū' (億劫).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
If you want to describe <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">a</span></span> <span class="f_blue">the </span>feeling that you are not willing to do something because <span class="f_blue">it's</span> <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">of</span></span> bothersome, you can use the Japanese term 'okkū' (億劫).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Originally, 'okkū' was a Buddhist term, which represented a length of time that was too long to measure.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Oku' (億) means "a hundred million," and 'kū/kou' (劫) means a time taken to completely disperse a rocky mountain with a side length of about 2000 kilometers by stroking it with a cloth once in 100 years.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
'Oku' (億) means "a hundred million," and 'kū/kou' (劫) means a time taken to completely disperse a rocky mountain with a side length of about 2000 kilometers by stroking it with a cloth once <span class="f_blue">every</span> <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">in </span></span>100 years.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since such an act to take a lot of time is troublesome and bothersome, 'okkū' has come to have the meaning of "bothersome."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since such<span class="f_red"><span class="sline"> an</span></span> <span class="f_blue">a tedious</span> act <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">to take a lot of time</span></span> is <span class="f_blue">quite </span>troublesome and bothersome, 'okkū' has come to have the meaning of "bothersome."
<p class="correction_comment">You don't need troublesome and bothersome. That's slightly redundant. :)</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">outdoors</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Oku' (億) means "a hundred million," and 'kū/kou' (劫) means a time taken to completely disperse a rocky mountain with a side length of about 2000 kilometers by stroking it with a cloth once in 100 years.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
'Oku' (億) means "a hundred million," and 'kū/kou' (劫) means <span class="f_red">the</span> time taken to completely disperse a rocky mountain with a side length of about 2000 kilometers by stroking it with a cloth once <span class="f_blue">every</span> 100 years.
<p class="correction_comment">I'm wondering what "disperse a rocky mountain by stroking it with a cloth" means...</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction. :)<br/><br/>&gt; I'm wondering what "disperse a rocky mountain by stroking it with a cloth" means...<br/>I wanted to mean something like:<br/>a rocky mountain completely disappears by the friction of a cloth.
</div>
</div>
