---
date: 2018-10-29
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# <strong><em>Butsubutsu Gawa</strong></em> (ぶつぶつ川)
<div class="date">Oct 29, 2018 16:18</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
<strong><em>Butsubutsu Gawa</strong></em><br/><br/>Japan has a law called <strong><em>Kasen-hou</em></strong> (河川法 - literally "River Raw"), which designates important rivers in our lives.<br/><br/>In other words, the designated rivers are official rivers in Japan.<br/><br/>According to this law, there are 35,383 official rivers in Japan.<br/><br/>Also, the shortest river among them is Butsubutsu Gawa (ぶつぶつ川 - literally "Butsubutsu River") in Wakayama, and its total length is 13.5 m.<br/><br/>I heard that <strong><em>butsubutsu</em></strong> (ぶつぶつ) comes from the onomatopoeia <strong><em>futsufutsu</em></strong> (沸々), which means that something gushes.<br/><br/>Incidentally, the longest river in Japan is Shinano Gawa (信濃川 - literally "Shinano River"), and its length is 357 km.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
ぶつぶつ川<br/><br/>日本には河川法と呼ばれる法律があり、河川のうち公共の利害に重要なものを指定しています。<br/><br/>指定された河川は、日本における公式の河川であるというわけです。<br/><br/>この法律によると、日本には35383本の河川が流れています。<br/><br/>そしてこの河川の中で最も短い川は、和歌山県にある「ぶつぶつ川」であり、その全長は13.5 ｍです。<br/><br/>「ぶつぶつ」は、何かが湧き出ることを表す擬音「沸々」から来ているそうです。<br/><br/>ちなみに、日本で最も長い河川は「信濃川（千曲川）」で、全長は367 kmです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Oceansea</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Butsubutsu Gawa</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Japan has a law called 'Kasen-hou' (河川法 - literally "River Raw"), which designates important rivers in our lives.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Japan has a law called 'Kasen-hou' (河川法 - literally "River Raw")<span class="sline"><span class="f_red">,</span></span> which designates important rivers in our lives.
<p class="correction_comment">I don't think the comma is necessary.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In other words, the designated rivers are official rivers in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In other words, the designated rivers are official<span class="f_blue">ly considered</span> rivers in Japan.
<p class="correction_comment">Your sentence is fine and is grammatically correct. However, I think "considered" is a good word to use here. It emphasizes that the government thinks that this is a river. I might have a different opinion of what defines a river.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Also, the shortest river among them is Butsubutsu Gawa (ぶつぶつ川 - literally "Butsubutsu River") in Wakayama, and its total length is 13.5 m.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="sline"><span class="f_gray">Also,</span></span> <span class="f_blue">T</span>he shortest river among them is <span class="f_red">the </span>Butsubutsu Gawa (ぶつぶつ川 - literally "Butsubutsu River") in Wakayama, and its total length is 13.5 m.
<p class="correction_comment">I suggest not using "also." The length of the river is not related to the number of official rivers in Japan. This is a new type of information.<br/><br/>"There are 35,383 official rivers in Japan. Also, there are 34,000 lakes." In this example, both rivers and lakes are being counted. The information is more similar.<br/><br/>I think it is okay to say "also" in your sentence. But it sounds like you thought of something new to say suddenly.<br/><br/>(I don't know how many lakes are actually in Japan)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Incidentally, the longest river in Japan is Shinano Gawa (信濃川 - literally "Shinano River"), and its length is 357 km.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Incidentally, the longest river in Japan is <span class="f_red">the </span>Shinano Gawa (信濃川 - literally "Shinano River")<span class="sline"><span class="f_red">,</span></span> and its length is 357 km.
<p class="correction_comment">I think we always say "the" before the name of a river. I can't think of an example of when we do not.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Good writing!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Kiwi</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 WOW, I didn't know that. Incidentally, the longest river in America is the Mississippi River and its length is 3,730 km.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for letting me know that. :)<br/>The Mississippi River is longer than the length of Japan, haha.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Kiwi</span><br>
wahahahaha!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">Kiwi</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Japan has a law called 'Kasen-hou' (河川法 - literally "River Raw"), which designates important rivers in our lives.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Japan has a law called 'Kasen-hou' (河川法 - literally "River<span class="f_red"> Law") </span>which designates important rivers in our lives.
<p class="correction_comment">The other guy overlooked this one...</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for the correction! (^^)
</div>
</div>
