---
date: 2019-01-02
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# <strong><em>Chototsu Moushin</strong></em> (猪突猛進 - Rushing Recklessly)
<div class="date">Jan 2, 2019 20:21</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
<strong><em>Chototsu Moushin</strong></em><br/><br/>Since the animal symbol of this year is the boar (猪/亥 - read as 'inoshishi/i'), these days we often see the four-character idiom <strong><em>chototsu moushin</em></strong> (猪突猛進).<br/><br/><strong><em>Cho</em></strong> (猪) means "boar," <strong><em>totsu</em></strong> (突) means "rush," <strong><em>mou</em></strong> (猛) means "fierce," <strong><em>shin</em></strong> (進) means "proceed/head."<br/><br/>The combination, <em>chototsu moushin</em>, means to rush headlong into a purpose wildly.<br/><br/>This idiom was born from the fact that boars rush straight without looking sideways.<br/><br/>Some people use this idiom in a positive sense, but it is usually used in a negative sense because it contains a nuance that you act without thinking consequences or surroundings. 
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
猪突猛進<br/><br/>今年の干支は猪（亥）であるため、猪にちなんだ「猪突猛進」という四字熟語をよく見かけます。<br/><br/>「猪」は "boar"、「突」は "rush"、「猛」は "fierce"、「進」は "proceed/head" を意味します。<br/><br/>そして「猪突猛進」は、一つの目標に対して、向こう見ずに突き進むことを意味します。<br/><br/>この四字熟語は、猪が脇目も振らずに真っ直ぐに突進する様子から生まれました。<br/><br/>良い意味で使われることもありますが、周囲や後先のことを考えていないというニュアンスを含むため、悪い意味で使われることが多いです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">dec</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Chototsu Moushin (猪突猛進 - Rushing Recklessly)</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Chototsu Moushin</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since the animal symbol of this year is the boar (猪/亥 - read as 'inoshishi/i'), these days we often see the four-character idiom 'chototsu moushin' (猪突猛進).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since the animal symbol of this year is the boar (猪/亥 - read as 'inoshishi/i'), these days we <span class="f_blue">[will quite]</span> often see the four-character idiom 'chototsu moushin' (猪突猛進).
<p class="correction_comment">If you're talking about 2019, it's best to use the future tense.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Cho' (猪) means "boar," 'totsu' (突) means "rush," 'mou' (猛) means "fierce," 'shin' (進) means "proceed/head."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
'Cho' (猪) means "boar," 'totsu' (突) means "<span class="f_blue">thrust</span>," 'mou' (猛) means "fierce," 'shin' (進) means "proceed/<span class="f_blue">advance</span>."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The combination, 'chototsu moushin', means to rush headlong into a purpose wildly.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The combination, 'chototsu moushin', means to rush headlong into <span class="f_blue">some activity {wildly|recklessly}</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This idiom was born from the fact that boars rush straight without looking sideways.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This idiom was <span class="f_blue">borne</span> from the fact that boars rush straight without looking sideways.
<p class="correction_comment">"to be born" means "born" in a physical sense (生まれた）. The verb "to be borne [of|from]" is more like 生じた。You can think of it like a non-physical version of "to be born".</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Some people use this idiom in a positive sense, but it is usually used in a negative sense because it contains a nuance that you act without thinking consequences or surroundings.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Some people use this idiom in a positive sense, but it is usually used in a negative <span class="f_blue">way</span> because it contains a nuance that you act without thinking of <span class="f_blue">the</span> consequences or <span class="f_blue">the</span> surroundings.
<p class="correction_comment">In English, we say "to behave like a bull in a china shop" (where "china" = 瀬戸物). It's always used in a negative way.<br/><br/>I changed the second "sense" to "way" because it sounds better when you don't repeat the exact same word. "Way" sounds more general than "sense", so the feeling of the sentences is that first you explain precisely what you mean (using the word "sense") and then use a more vague/imprecise word for the same thing the second time. I suppose that in a way, it shows that you trust that the reader understood the more precise word the first time, so you don't need to repeat it.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the corrections and helpful comments!<br/>I learned something new. :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Kiwi</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 The English slang equivalent is to bumrush. Sometimes you need to bumrush when there's nothing to think about, like when you're in a hostage situation and you see a door, you bumrush toward it. No thinking required.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for letting me know that!<br/>I had never heard of it. :)
</div>
</div>
