---
date: 2019-01-10
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show"><strong><em>Hara ga Futoi</strong></em> (腹が太い - One's Heart is Large)</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Jan 10, 2019 23:04</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
<strong><em>Hara ga Futoi</strong></em><br/><br/>There is an idiom, <strong><em>hara ga futoi</em></strong> (腹が太い) in Japanese.<br/><br/><strong><em>Hara</em></strong> (腹) usually means "stomach" or "belly," but here it implies "heart" or "capacity."<br/><br/>In addition, <strong><em>futoi</em></strong> (太い) means "large," "thick," or "wide."<br/><br/>That is to say, <em>hara ga futoi</em> is a compliment that means "one's heart/capacity is large."<br/><br/>However, it could literally mean that one's belly is big, so please be careful when you use this idiom.<br/><br/>Incidentally, in several areas of western Japan, <em>hara ga futoi</em> is used to mean to have a full stomach.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
腹が太い<br/><br/>日本語には「腹が太い」という慣用句があります。<br/><br/>「腹」は通常 "stomach" や "belly" を意味しますが、ここでは「度量」や「胆力」のことを表しています。<br/><br/>また、「太い」は  "large" や "thick"、"wide" を意味します。<br/><br/>すなわち「腹が太い」とは、「度量が大きい」ということを意味する誉め言葉です。<br/><br/>しかし、場合によっては文字どおり太っていることを意味する可能性もあるので、使い方には注意して下さい。<br/><br/>ちなみに、西日本の一部の地域では、「腹が太い」は「満腹」の意味でも用いられます。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">daChewyDuck17881</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Hara ga Futoi</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There is an idiom, 'hara ga futoi' (腹が太い) in Japanese.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Hara' (腹) usually means "stomach" or "belly," but here it implies "heart" or "capacity."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In addition, 'futoi' (太い) means "large," "thick," or "wide."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">That is to say, 'hara ga futoi' is a compliment that means "one's heart/capacity is large."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">That being said</span>, 'hara ga futoi' is a compliment that means "one's heart/capacity is large."
<p class="correction_comment">What you wrote wasn't grammatically incorrect, nor is it entirely unnatural. However, I suggest using "That being said,..." because it more clearly implies what you said before is added to your following statement! "That is to say" is more used when clarifying and rewording something that seems to be confusing.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, it could literally mean that one's belly is big, so please be careful when you use this idiom.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
However, it could <span class="f_blue">also</span> literally mean that one's belly is big, <span class="f_blue">so please be careful when you use this idiom</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">The "also" is optional! As for the second blue part, in Japanese this phrase would sound quite natural and in spoken English it sounds natural. However, in formal written English it is more common to use indirect language rather "you." Try perhaps "It is advisable to be careful..."!</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Incidentally, in several areas of western Japan, 'hara ga futoi' is used to mean to have a full stomach.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_blue">Coincidentally</span>, in several areas of western Japan, 'hara ga futoi' is used to mean to have a full stomach.
<p class="correction_comment">The difference between coincidentally and incidentally is subtle, to the point where native English speakers can barely tell the difference (I can't either, in fact)! So don't worry which you use; either way, you'll be perfectly understood.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Overall, a very well written English text without any grammar mistakes! I rather suggest that you practice native English writing patterns and do you best to not just translate from Japanese to English (but there is no shame in that!). Keep up the great work! (b ᵔ▽ᵔ)b
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction and helpful comments!<br/>I'm glad to hear you say that. (^^)
</div>
</div>
