---
date: 2019-01-11
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: "1485_futoppara"
---

# 【No. 1485】<strong><em>Futoppara</strong></em> (太っ腹 - Generous)
<div class="date">Jan 11, 2019 23:22</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
<strong><em>Futoppara</strong></em><br/><br/>Yesterday, I introduced you to the Japanese idiom <strong><em>hara ga futoi</em></strong> (腹が太い), which means that one's heart/capacity is large.<br/><br/>There is another Japanese term, <strong><em>futoppara</em></strong> (太っ腹), which is very similar to <em>hara ga gutoi</em>.<br/><br/><strong><em>Futo</em></strong> (太) means "large," "thick," or "wide," and <strong><em>hara/para</em></strong> (腹) means "stomach" or "belly."<br/><br/>As you can guess, both <em>futoppara</em> and <em>hara ga futoi</em> are composed of the same two words, 腹 and 太.<br/><br/>These meanings are almost the same, but <em>futoppara</em> is often used to mean that someone is generous
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
太っ腹<br/><br/>昨日は、度量が大きいことを意味する「腹が太い」という言葉を紹介しました。<br/><br/>これとよく似た言葉に、「太っ腹」があります。<br/><br/>「太」は "large/thick/wide"、「腹」は "stomach/belly" を意味します。<br/><br/>ご想像のとおり、「太っ腹」と「腹が太い」を構成する単語は同じです。<br/><br/>意味もほぼ同じですが、「太っ腹」は「気前が良い」という意味で使われることが多いです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (3)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Sam</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 That's interesting.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 Does this mean that what's considered a "big heart" in the west is considered to be in the stomach in Japan, as in that's where your generosity and kind nature lives? Interesting how they're in very similar locations.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for the comment. :)<br/><br/>Yes, since Japanese people believed that hearts/minds are in our stomachs/livers, there are many idioms using stomachs that describe emotions or personalities.
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Sam</span><br>
Cool, I've been reading your latest entries. It's amazing how many expressions there are!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">jenappelle</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, I introduced you to the Japanese idiom 'hara ga futoi' (腹が太い), which means that one's heart/capacity is large.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Yesterday, I introduced you to the Japanese idiom 'hara ga futoi' (腹が太い), which means that one's heart/capacity is huge.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Futo' (太) means "large," "thick," or "wide," and 'hara/para' (腹) means "stomach" or "belly."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As you can guess, both 'futoppara' and 'hara ga futoi' are composed of the same two words, 腹 and 太.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
As you can guess, both 'futoppara' and 'hara ga futoi' comprise the same words, 腹 and 太.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">These meanings are almost the same, but 'futoppara' is often used to mean that someone is generous</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The meanings of these words are almost the same, but 'futoppara' usually means that someone is generous
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 3　<span class="just_name">ocean</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, I introduced you to the Japanese idiom 'hara ga futoi' (腹が太い), which means that one's heart/capacity is large.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Yesterday, I introduced <span class="f_blue">(you to) </span>the Japanese idiom 'hara ga futoi' (腹が太い), which means that one's heart/capacity is large.
<p class="correction_comment">If you want your writing to sound more formal, you can take out "you."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There is another Japanese term, 'futoppara' (太っ腹), which is very similar to 'hara ga gutoi'.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
There is another Japanese term, 'futoppara' (太っ腹), which is very similar to 'hara ga <span class="f_blue">f</span>utoi.'
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Futo' (太) means "large," "thick," or "wide," and 'hara/para' (腹) means "stomach" or "belly."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
'Futo' (太) means large, thick, or wide and 'hara/para' (腹) means stomach or belly.
<p class="correction_comment">I would try to not use so many quotes just so the sentence is easier to read.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As you can guess, both 'futoppara' and 'hara ga futoi' are composed of the same two words, 腹 and 太.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
As you <span class="f_blue">might have </span>guess<span class="f_blue">ed</span>, both 'futoppara' and 'hara ga futoi' are composed of the same two words: 腹 and 太.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">These meanings are almost the same, but 'futoppara' is often used to mean that someone is generous</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
These meanings are almost the same, but 'futoppara' is often used to mean that someone is generous<span class="f_blue">...</span>
<p class="correction_comment">...whereas 'hara ga futoi' describes...?<br/><br/>(Since you've set up a comparison and say the meaning of the two words are very similar, the idea in the second part of the sentence seems a bit unfinished)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 面白かったです！ありがとうございました。
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
These meanings are almost the same, but 'futoppara' is often used to mean that someone is generous<span class="f_blue">...</span>
<p class="correction_comment">
...whereas 'hara ga futoi' describes...?<br/><br/>(Since you've set up a comparison and say the meaning of the two words are very similar, the idea in the second part of the sentence seems a bit unfinished)
</p>
</li>
</ul></div>
Thank you so much for the correction!<br/>Indeed, I should have added a sentence something like "..., whereas 'hara ga futoi' usually means to have a big heart."
</div>
</div>
