---
date: 2019-01-18
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show"><strong><em>Ana ga Attara Hairitai</strong></em> (穴があったら入りたい - I Want to Crawl under a Rock)</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Jan 18, 2019 18:28</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
<strong><em>Ana ga Attara Hairitai</strong></em><br/><br/>Today, I would like to introduce you to an idiom that expresses one's feeling, so please guess what it means.<br/><br/>The idiom is <strong><em>ana ga attara hairitai</em></strong> (穴があったら入りたい).<br/><br/>Since <strong><em>ana</em></strong> (穴) means "hole," <strong><em>attara</em></strong> (あったら) means "if something is there," <strong><em>hairitai</em></strong> (入りたい) means "I want to get into somewhere," the literal meaning of this idiom is "if there is a hole, I want to get in there."<br/><br/>The actual meaning is that you are so embarrassing that you want to hide yourself by getting into a hole.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
穴があったら入りたい<br/><br/>今日は、ある心境を表す慣用句を紹介すので、どんな意味か想像してみて下さい。<br/><br/>その慣用句は、「穴があったら入りたい」です。<br/><br/>「穴」は "hole"、「あったら」は "if something is there"、「入りたい」は "I want to get into somewhere" を意味すのので、この慣用句の文字どおりの意味は "If there is a hole, I want to get in there."<br/><br/>実際には、穴に入って身を隠したいほど恥ずかしい心境を表します。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">neal</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I would like to introduce you to an idiom that expresses one's feeling, so please guess what it means.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today, I would like to introduce you to an idiom that expresses one's <span class="f_red">feelings</span>, so please guess what it means.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The idiom is 'ana ga attara hairitai' (穴があったら入りたい).</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since 'ana' (穴) means "hole," 'attara' (あったら) means "if something is there," 'hairitai' (入りたい) means "I want to get into somewhere," the literal meaning of this idiom is "if there is a hole, I want to get in there."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The actual meaning is that you are so embarrassing that you want to hide yourself by getting into a hole.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The actual meaning is that you are so <span class="f_red">embarrassed </span>that you want to hide yourself by getting into a hole.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Good job !  ill try and remember this one haha :D
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Oceansea</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The actual meaning is that you are so embarrassing that you want to hide yourself by getting into a hole.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The actual meaning is that you are so embarrassing that you want to hide yourself by getting into a hole.
<p class="correction_comment">"You are so embarrassing" means that you are embarrassing to others. Your presence embarasses them. They don't want to be near you.<br/><br/><br/>"You are so embarrassed" describes the feelings of the person who is embarrassed. In this case, "you" feels embarrassed.</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Ah, I made a fatal mistake.<br/>Thank you for pointing that out! :)
</div>
</div>
