---
date: 2019-02-11
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
---

# <strong><em>Kara Shucchō</strong></em> (カラ出張 - A Fake Business Trip)
<div class="date">Feb 11, 2019 12:42</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
<strong><em>Kara Shucchō</strong></em><br/><br/>I work at a university and sometimes go on a business trip using public research spending.<br/><br/>Unfortunately, <strong><em>kara shucchō</em></strong> (カラ出張) is often taken up as a problem in Japan.<br/><br/><strong><em>Kara</em></strong> (カラ/空) means "empty" and <strong><em>shucchō</em></strong> (出張) means "business trip," so the literal meaning of <em>kara shucchō</em> is "an empty business trip."<br/><br/>As its literal meaning implies, <em>kara shucchō</em> means a fraudulent act of claiming expenses such as transportation or accommodation expenses, despite not actually going on a business trip.<br/><br/>Of course, if you do <em>kara shucchō</em> and someone finds it, you will be strictly punished.<br/><br/>Incidentally, since I will go on a business trip to Italy for a week from tomorrow, the frequency of posting on Lang-8 might be reduced.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
カラ出張<br/><br/>私は大学に勤めており、公的研究費で出張をすることがあります。<br/><br/>残念なことに、日本では「カラ出張」がよく問題になっています。<br/><br/>「カラ」は "empty"、「出張」は "business trip" を意味するので、「カラ出張」の文字どおりの意味は "an empty business trip" となります。<br/><br/>この言葉は、「実際には出張をしていないにもかかわらず、交通費や宿泊費などの経費を請求する不正行為」を表します。<br/><br/>もちろん、カラ出張が発覚したら厳正に処罰されます。<br/><br/>ちなみに、私は明日から約一週間イタリアに出張に行くため、その間投稿が疎かになるかもしれません。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Eleni</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Kara Shucchō (カラ出張 - A Fake Business Trip)</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Kara Shucchō</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I work at a university and sometimes go on a business trip using public research spending.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I work at a university and sometimes go on <span class="f_blue">business trips</span> using public research <span class="f_blue">funds</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">You could say "every once in a while I go on a business trip" or "sometimes I go on business trips"</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Unfortunately, 'kara shucchō' (カラ出張) is often taken up as a problem in Japan.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Unfortunately, 'kara shucchō' (カラ出張) is often <span class="f_red">taken up</span> as a problem in Japan.
<p class="correction_comment">I am not sure what you mean here. One possible interpretation: "... is a problem often discussed in Japan". A simpler construction would be to say " ... is a problem in Japan."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Kara' (カラ/空) means "empty" and 'shucchō' (出張) means "business trip," so the literal meaning of 'kara shucchō' is "an empty business trip."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">As its literal meaning implies, 'kara shucchō' means a fraudulent act of claiming expenses such as transportation or accommodation expenses, despite not actually going on a business trip.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Of course, if you do 'kara shucchō' and someone finds it, you will be strictly punished.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Of course, if you do 'kara shucchō' and someone finds <span class="f_blue">out</span>, you will be <span class="f_blue">severely</span> punished.
<p class="correction_comment">'Strictly punished' sounds unnatural. Usually people or rules are strict, but punishments are severe. I wouldn't ever call a punishment strict.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Incidentally, since I will go on a business trip to Italy for a week from tomorrow, the frequency of posting on Lang-8 might be reduced.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Incidentally, since I will go on a business trip to Italy for a week <span class="f_blue">starting</span> tomorrow, <span class="f_blue">my</span> frequency of posting on Lang-8 might be <span class="f_gray">lower</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">I changed "reduced" to "lower" only to put the sentence in a more casual register.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 What an interesting new phrase! Thanks for that! I am also currently at a university, and there are very strict rules about using funding for trips. We have to submit lots of receipts, and often we need to wait for approval before we even buy tickets. Apparently these procedures are in place because a few decades ago the university misused lots of funds from the navy and spent them on frivolous things. So this is definitely a problem here as well!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction and comment!<br/>Yes, I feel that similar problems are occurring all over the world. Sadly, the rules are getting more and more strict because of a few bad people.
</div>
</div>
