---
date: 2019-02-18
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Diary
comments: true
slug: 1523_japanese-airline
---

# 【No. 1523】Japanese Airline
<div class="date">Feb 18, 2019 11:26</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Japanese Airline<br/><br/>I have been to overseas three times by airplane so far.<br/><br/>All airlines that I used were very cheap (low-cost carrier, LCC), but in this business trip, I boarded an airplane operated by the Japanese airline, ANA (All Nippon Airways).<br/><br/>In addition to the expensive fee, it was not wide because it was an economy class, but the service was polite, and the flight was very comfortable.<br/><br/>Incidentally, when boarding an airplane using public research fundings, basically we have to choose an economy class.<br/><br/>Someday, I would like to use a business class or a first class (or a premium economy class).
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
日本の航空会社<br/><br/>私はこれまで3回、飛行機で海外に行ったことがあります。<br/><br/>これまではすべて格安の航空会社を利用していましたが、今回初めて、日本の航空会社であるANA（全日空）の飛行機に乗りました。<br/><br/>少し料金は高めであり、エコノミーなのであまり広くはありませんが、とても快適なフライトでした。<br/><br/>ちなみに、公的研究費で飛行機に乗る場合は、基本的にエコノミークラスしか選択することができません。<br/><br/>いつか、ビジネスクラスやファーストクラスに乗ってみたいものです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Lucas</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Japanese Airline</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Japanese Airline</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I have been to overseas three times by airplane so far.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I have been <span class="sline">to</span> overseas three times by airplane so far.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">All airlines that I used were very cheap (low-cost carrier, LCC), but in this business trip, I boarded an airplane operated by the Japanese airline, ANA (All Nippon Airways).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
All<span class="f_blue"> the </span>airlines that I <span class="f_blue">flew with </span>were very cheap (low-cost carrier, LCC), but in this business trip, I boarded an airplane operated by the Japanese airline ANA (All Nippon Airways).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In addition to the expensive fee, it was not wide because it was an economy class, but the service was polite, and the flight was very comfortable.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In addition to the expensive fee,<span class="f_blue"> the aisle</span> was not wide because it was <span class="sline">an</span> economy class, but the <span class="f_blue">staff/flight attendants were </span>polite, and the flight was very comfortable.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Incidentally, when boarding an airplane using public research fundings, basically we have to choose an economy class.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Incidentally, when boarding an airplane using public research funding, basically we have to choose <span class="sline">an</span> economy class.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Someday, I would like to use a business class or a first class (or a premium economy class).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Someday, I would like to <span class="f_blue">fly</span> <span class="sline">a</span> business class or <span class="sline">a</span> first class (or <span class="sline">a</span> premium economy class).
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction! :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">thethinker83</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In addition to the expensive fee, it was not wide because it was an economy class, but the service was polite, and the flight was very comfortable.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In addition to the expensive fee, it was not wide because it was <span class="f_red"><span class="sline">an </span></span>economy class, but the service was polite, and the flight was very comfortable.
<p class="correction_comment">I think this is the only correction that's really necessary.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 It's the same for me--when I travel on business, I have to fly economy class due to public funding sources.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction!<br/>Business class might be too expensive compared to economy class.
</div>
</div>
