---
date: 2019-03-09
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Kan-muryō (感無量 - Deep Emotion)</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Mar 9, 2019 15:43</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Kan-muryō<br/><br/>Yesterday, I introduced you to the phrase <strong><em>mune ga ippai ni naru</em></strong> (胸が一杯になる), which means that one's heart is filled.<br/><br/>The word 'kan-muryō' (感無量) has a similar meaning to this phrase.<br/><br/>'Kan-muryō' is short for <strong><em>kangai muryō</em></strong> (感慨無量), and it can be divided into two parts: <strong><em>kangai</em></strong> (感慨) and <strong><em>muryō</em></strong> (無量).<br/><br/><strong><em>Kan</em></strong> (感) means "feeling," <strong><em>gai</em></strong> (慨) means "emotion" and <em>kangai</em> means "deep emotion."<br/><br/>In addition, <strong><em>mu</em></strong> (無) means "nothing," <strong><em>ryō</em></strong> (量) means "quantity," and <em>muryō</em> means "innumerable."<br/><br/>That is to say, the literal meaning of 'kan-muryō' and <em>kangai muryō</em> is one's innumerable deep emotion.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
感無量<br/><br/>昨日は、感情で心が満たされることを意味する「胸がいっぱいになる」という表現を紹介しました。<br/><br/>これと同様の意味を持つ言葉に、「感無量」があります。<br/><br/>「感無量」は「感慨無量」を省略した言葉であり、「感慨」と「無量」に分けることができます。<br/><br/>「感」は "feeling"、「慨」は "emotion" を意味し、「感慨」で "deep emotion" という意味になります。<br/><br/>また、「無」は "nothing"、「量」は "quantity" を意味し、「無量」で "innumerable" という意味になります。<br/><br/>すなわち「感慨無量」および「感無量」は、"one's innumerable deep emotion" を意味するというわけです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">dec</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Kan-muryō (感無量 - Deep Emotion)</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, I introduced you to the phrase 'mune ga ippai ni naru' (胸が一杯になる), which means that one's heart is filled.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Yesterday, I introduced you to the phrase 'mune ga ippai ni naru' (胸が一杯になる), which means that one's heart <span class="f_blue">becomes</span> filled. <span class="f_blue">[It is usually used with a certain emotion, which is marked with で, for example 喜びで～ "to have one's heart filled with joy"]</span>
<p class="correction_comment">I've just added the extra sentence based on what I learned in your previous post. Can you say ~ without saying what emotion is filling the heart?</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The word 'kan-muryō' (感無量) has a similar meaning to this phrase.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Kan-muryō' is short for 'kangai muryō' (感慨無量), and it can be divided into two parts: 'kangai' (感慨) and 'muryō' (無量).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
'Kan-muryō' is short for 'kangai muryō' (感慨無量), and it can be divided into two parts: 'kangai' (感慨) and 'muryō' (無量).
<p class="correction_comment">This is my first time seeing 感慨無量. I never knew that 感無量 was an abbreviation of it.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Kan' (感) means "feeling," 'gai' (慨) means "emotion" and 'kangai' means "deep emotion."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
'Kan' (感) means "feeling," 'gai' (慨) means "emotion" and<span class="f_blue">, together,</span> 'kangai' means "deep emotion."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In addition, 'mu' (無) means "nothing," 'ryō' (量) means "quantity," and 'muryō' means "innumerable."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In addition, 'mu' (無) means "nothing," 'ryō' (量) means "quantity," <span class="f_blue">so</span> 'muryō' means "innumerable."
<p class="correction_comment">The two parts are combined in a logical way, so you can use "so" to highlight/emphasise that.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">That is to say, the literal meaning of 'kan-muryō' and 'kangai muryō' is one's innumerable deep emotion.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
That is to say, the literal meaning of 'kan-muryō' and 'kangai muryō' is one's innumerable deep emotion<span class="f_blue">s</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">or "unfathomably deep" because 量 can also mean "measure", as in 測量。<br/>"fathom" can be a measure of depth, but it can also be a verb meaning "to measure the depth". It's often used metaphorically (similar to how "deep" is used in Japanese, like 欲深い、興味深い)</p>
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">dec</span><br><div class="quote_field"><ul class="correction_field">
<li class="corrected correct">
That is to say, the literal meaning of 'kan-muryō' and 'kangai muryō' is one's innumerable deep emotion<span class="f_blue">s</span>.
<p class="correction_comment">
or "unfathomably deep" because 量 can also mean "measure", as in 測量。<br/>"fathom" can be a measure of depth, but it can also be a verb meaning "to measure the depth". It's often used metaphorically (similar to how "deep" is used in Japanese, like 欲深い、興味深い)
</p>
</li>
</ul></div>
Also "immeasurably deep emotion", which is probably better than "unfathomably" because that has an extra sense of mystery:<br/><br/>"immeasurably superior" (so superior that we almost can't measure the difference)<br/>"unfathomably superior" (so superior that we can't even begin to understand the difference)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the helpful correction again!<br/>And thank you for letting me know the various expressions. :)<br/><br/>&gt; Can you say ~ without saying what emotion is filling the heart?<br/>As you mentioned, 胸が一杯になる is usually used with a certain emotion, but it can also be used without saying it. In that case, the emotion is probably a positive one. 
</div>
</div>
