---
date: 2019-06-15
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: "1640_oshare"
---

# 【No. 1640】<strong><em>Oshare</strong></em> (おしゃれ - Smart/Fancy) Part 1
<div class="date">Jun 15, 2019 12:11</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
<strong><em>Oshare</strong></em> Part 1<br/><br/>Yesterday, I introduced you to the Japanese term <strong><em>omekashi</em></strong> (おめかし), which means to dress up or do makeup.<br/><br/>This term is a little formal and diligent, but if you want to say it more casually, you can use the term <strong><em>oshare</em></strong> (おしゃれ), which is often used for smart/fancy men, women, and things.<br/><br/><strong><em>O</em></strong> (お) is a polite prefix, and <strong><em>share</em></strong> (しゃれ) came from <strong><em>sare</em></strong> (戯れ/され), which means to play a prank from a sense of fun.<br/><br/>This implies that people who have a sense of fun can afford to dress up or do makeup.<br/><br/>To be continued.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
おしゃれ part 1<br/><br/>昨日は「身なりを飾り立てたり化粧をすること」を意味する「おめかし」という言葉を紹介しました。<br/><br/>「おめかし」よりもう少しカジュアルで、男女問わず（物に対しても）よく使われる表現に「おしゃれ」があります。<br/><br/>「お」は丁寧の接頭辞、「しゃれ」は「遊び心からふざけること」を意味する「戯れ（され）」から来ています。<br/><br/>遊び心がある人は、服装や身なりなどを美しく装う余裕があるというわけです。<br/><br/>続く
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Yalmar</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Oshare Part 1</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, I introduced you to the Japanese term 'omekashi' (おめかし), which means to dress up or do makeup.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Yesterday, I introduced you to the Japanese term 'omekashi' (おめかし), <span class="f_red">that</span> means to dress up or <span class="f_red">apply</span> makeup.
<p class="correction_comment">BrEn: that means</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This term is a little formal and diligent, but if you want to say it more casually, you can use the term 'oshare' (おしゃれ), which is often used for smart/fancy men, women, and things.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This term is a little formal and <span class="f_red">precise</span>, but if you want to <span class="f_red">speak</span> more casually, you can use the term 'oshare' (おしゃれ), <span class="f_red">that</span> is often <span class="f_red">used to refer to elegant </span>men, women, and things.
<p class="correction_comment">A student is diligent = studious = conscientious. Do you mean that this term is precise? ~o~ There is a subtle meaning for "fancy man', it could mean a pimp. Similarly a "fancy woman" could mean a "whore". I wouldn't use these expression. ~o~ smart can mean both intelligent and elegant ~o~ Perhaps you mean elegant = well dressed = smartly dressed?</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'O' (お) is a polite prefix, and 'share' (しゃれ) came from 'sare' (戯れ/され), which means to play a prank from a sense of fun.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
'O' (お) is a polite prefix, and 'share' (しゃれ) came <span class="f_red">originally</span> from 'sare' (戯れ/され), <span class="f_red">that</span> means to play a prank <span class="f_red">for</span> fun.
<p class="correction_comment">There is a difference between "that" and "which". For example, The pen that I'm using =&gt; "that" refers to "pen" and is the object that I'm using ~o~ The pen that is on the desk =&gt; "that" refers to "pen" and is the subject that is on the desk ~o~ I wrote the letter with a red pen, which was unusual for me =&gt; "which" refers to "writing the letter with a red pen", not just "pen"; "writing the letter with a red pen" was unusual, the "pen" was not unusual.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This implies that people who have a sense of fun can afford to dress up or do makeup.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This implies that people who have a sense of fun can afford to dress up or <span class="f_red">apply</span> makeup.
<p class="correction_comment">Do you mean dress up = put on a formal suit, perhaps a dinner jacket if you're a man or an evening gown if you're a woman? Or do you mean dress up in a costume, like in a fancy dress party? Please notice that "fancy dress" = costume, and "fancy dress party" is an idiomatic expression.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">To be continued.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 It's very difficult to talk precisely about language! :)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction! :)<br/>Yes, it is really difficult for me to explain about the language.<br/>&gt; Do you mean dress up = put on a formal suit, perhaps a dinner jacket if you're a man or an evening gown if you're a woman?  Or do you mean dress up in a costume, like in a fancy dress party? <br/>I think that the former is closer to what I wanted to say. As you mentioned, 'oshare' perhaps can be translated as "elegant." In addition, according to the Internet dictionary, it has also meanings of "stylish," "fashionable," "classy," and "chic." 
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Yalmar</span><br>
Oh, then it is quite correct. I would say things like, 'I got all dressed up for the gala dinner' to mean I was wearing a dinner jacket, or 'She was the only one who dressed up for our party' to mean that she was elegantly dressed while perhaps everybody else just wore normal clothes.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">V0</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, I introduced you to the Japanese term 'omekashi' (おめかし), which means to dress up or do makeup.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Yesterday, I introduced you to the Japanese term 'omekashi' (おめかし), which means <span class="f_red">"</span>to dress up<span class="f_red">"</span> or <span class="sline">do</span> <span class="f_red">"to put on</span> makeup.<span class="f_red">"</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'O' (お) is a polite prefix, and 'share' (しゃれ) came from 'sare' (戯れ/され), which means to play a prank from a sense of fun.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
'O' (お) is a polite prefix, and 'share' (しゃれ) <span class="sline">came</span> <span class="f_red">comes </span>from 'sare' (戯れ/され), which means<span class="f_red"> "to play a prank for fun,"</span> or <span class="f_red">"to play a lighthearted prank"</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This implies that people who have a sense of fun can afford to dress up or do makeup.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This implies that people who have a sense of fun can afford to dress up or <span class="f_red">put on </span>makeup.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">To be continued.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction! :)
</div>
</div>
