---
date: 2019-06-17
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show"><strong><em>Shoshi Kantetsu</strong></em> (初志貫徹 - Carrying out Your Original Intention)</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Jun 17, 2019 22:05</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
<strong><em>Shoshi Kantetsu</strong></em><br/><br/>Today I would like to introduce my favorite four-character idiom <strong><em>shoshi kantetsu</em></strong> (初志貫徹).<br/><br/><strong><em>Sho</em></strong> (初) means "first," <strong><em>shi</em></strong> (志) means "will/motive," <strong><em>kan</em></strong> (貫) means "consistent," and <strong><em>tetsu</em></strong> (徹) means "thorough."<br/><br/>That is to say, <em>shoshi kantetsu</em> literally means that you maintain your will consistently and thoroughly.<br/><br/>Basically, this idiom is used in a positive manner and is popular as a motto.<br/><br/>However, sometimes it could be more important to be flexible depending on the time and situation.<br/><br/>Incidentally, the kanji character 徹 can be read as Toru (my account name).
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
初志貫徹<br/><br/>今日は私の好きな四字熟語「初志貫徹」を紹介します。<br/><br/>「初」は "first"、「志」は "will/motive"、「貫」は "consistent"、「徹」は "thorough" を意味します。<br/><br/>すなわち、「初志貫徹」は文字どおり「初めに志したことを最後まで貫きとおすこと」を意味します。<br/><br/>基本的にこの言葉は良い意味で使われ、座右の銘としても人気があります。<br/><br/>しかし、時には状況に応じて臨機応変に対応する柔軟さも大事かもしれません。<br/><br/>ちなみに、「徹」という漢字は「とおる (Toru)」とも読みます。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">nisha</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today I would like to introduce my favorite four-character idiom 'shoshi kantetsu' (初志貫徹).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Today I would like to introduce my favorite four-character idiom "shoshi kantetsu" (初志貫徹).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Basically, this idiom is used in a positive manner and is popular as a motto.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Basically, this idiom is used in a positive manner and is a popular <span class="sline"> as a</span> motto.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Incidentally, the kanji character 徹 can be read as Toru (my account name).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Coincidentally, the kanji character 徹 can be read as Toru (my account name).
<p class="correction_comment">I feel "coincidentally" sounds more natural to me. "We didn't live in the same city, but we coincidentally met at the same restaurant in Osaka last night ."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 "Shoshi Kantetsu" sounds like a great idiom to print on a t-shirt. Americans do that kind of thing all the time LOL. We taken Japanese and slap it on t-shirts, hoodies, and jackets. Sadly most non-Japanese Americans don't even know what it means.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction!<br/>Yes, some foreigners wear clothes printed with funny kanji characters, haha.
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">Makita</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Shoshi Kantetsu</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Sho' (初) means "first," 'shi' (志) means "will/motive," 'kan' (貫) means "consistent," and 'tetsu' (徹) means "thorough."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Basically, this idiom is used in a positive manner and is popular as a motto.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">However, sometimes it could be more important to be flexible depending on the time and situation.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting ^ ^
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for reading my post! :)
</div>
</div>
