---
date: 2019-07-31
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show"><strong><em>Shikeru</strong></em> (時化る - Stormy Sea)</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Jul 31, 2019 18:15</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
<strong><em>Shikeru</strong></em><br/><br/>The Japanese term <strong><em>shikeru</em></strong> (時化る) means that a storm makes the rough sea or the rough sea brings a poor haul.<br/><br/><em>Shikeru</em> comes from <strong><em>Shikke</em></strong> (湿気), which means "humidity/moisture," and it was originally meant cloudy weather.<br/><br/>Later, <em>shikeru</em> came to mean the stormy sea from the meaning of cloudy weather.<br/><br/>In addition, it can also mean deterioration in the economy or feeling depressed.<br/><br/>For example, you can say <strong><em>shiketa mise</em></strong> (しけた店 - which means "seedy store") or <strong><em>shiketa kao</em></strong> (しけた顔 which means "glum look").
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
時化る<br/><br/>雨風が強く海が荒れることや、海が荒れて不漁になることを「時化る（しける）」と言います。<br/><br/>「時化る」は "humidity/moisture" を意味する「湿気」から来ており、かつては空が曇るという意味で使われていました。<br/><br/>後に、天候が崩れることから海が荒れるという意味になったというわけです。<br/><br/>また、転じて「景気が悪くなること」や「気持ちが落ち込むこと」も意味します。<br/><br/>例えば、「しけた店」や「しけた顔」のように使うことができます。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">JessLFLynn</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The Japanese term 'shikeru' (時化る) means that a storm makes the rough sea or the rough sea brings a poor haul.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The Japanese term "shikeru"(時化る) means that a storm makes the sea <span class="f_blue">rough,</span> or rough seas bring a poor haul.<span class="f_blue">* Another way of saying it or writing it. I looked the word up on Jisho. </span><span class="f_blue"></span><span class="f_blue">The Japanese term "shikeru" (時化る) means a stormy or choppy sea or that rough seas results in a poor haul. </span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Shikeru' comes from 'Shikke' (湿気), which means "humidity/moisture," and it was originally meant cloudy weather.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
"Shikeru" comes from "Shikke" (湿気), which means <span class="f_blue">"</span>humidity/moisture<span class="f_blue">"</span>. It <span class="sline">was</span> originally meant <span class="f_blue">"</span>cloudy weather<span class="f_blue">"</span>.<span class="f_blue">You can also say "originates from" - but comes from is also correct. Also, do you mean it originally was related to cloudy weather?</span><span class="f_blue"></span><span class="f_blue">It originally referred to cloudy weather.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Later, 'shikeru' came to mean the stormy sea from the meaning of cloudy weather.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Later, "shikeru" came to mean stormy seas from the meaning of cloudy weather.<span class="f_blue">*Alternative way of writing</span><span class="f_blue">Later, "shikeru" came to mean stormy seas, having been derived from the original meaning of cloudy weather.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In addition, it can also mean deterioration in the economy or feeling depressed.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In addition, it can also mean deterioration <span class="sline">in</span><span class="f_blue"> of</span> the economy or feeling depressed.<span class="f_blue"></span><span class="f_blue">*Alternative way of writing</span><span class="f_blue">In addition, it can also be used to refer to the deterioration of the economy or feeling depressed.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">For example, you can say 'shiketa mise' (しけた店 - which means "seedy store") or 'shiketa kao' (しけた顔 which means "glum look").</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
For example, you can say "shiketa mise" (しけた店) which means "seedy store" or "shiketa kao" (しけた顔) which means "glum look".
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Very Interesting. In English we say this is the etymology of a word, which is the origin of the word.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 I corrected the sentence to be 'correct' grammatically in English, (I hope - I am not sure about the quotations), but I also wrote another sentence that may explain or express what you are trying to say a little better.  Because you are talking about specific words and meanings, I think you can use double quotation (") marks for all of the words and meanings.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for the correction and comment!<br/>I like to write about etymologies. :)<br/><br/>&gt; I think you can use double quotation (") marks for all of the words and meanings.<br/>To tell you the truth, in my posts, I've used single quotes temporarily instead of italics for Japanese terms. Because I learned that foreign languages should be written in italics. When my posts on Lang-8 move to my blog, single quotation marks are removed and changed to italics like the following page.<br/><a href="https://blog.kano.ac/2019/07/31/shikeru/" target="_blank">https://blog.kano.ac/2019/07/31/shikeru/</a>
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">JessLFLynn</span><br>
Awesome, thanks for letting me know!<br/>
</div>
</div>
