---
date: 2019-10-02
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">10% Consumption Tax </h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Oct 2, 2019 20:13</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
10% Consumption Tax <br/><br/>On October 1, 2019, the consumption tax in Japan was raised from 8% to 10%.<br/><br/>Originally, the rising tax to 10% was scheduled to be implemented in 2015, but it was postponed twice, and it was finally raised this year.<br/><br/>There are pros and cons to this raising consumption tax, but I do not care really much.<br/><br/>Because the consumption tax related food and drink are out of the tax increase -- I mainly spend money on them in my current life.<br/><br/>According to TV news, many people bought large home appliances such as refrigerators and washing machines before the consumption tax increased.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
消費税10％<br/><br/>10月1日、日本で消費税が8%から10％に引き上げられました。<br/><br/>もともとは2015年に10％になる予定でしたが、二度にわたり先送りされ、今回ようやく10％になりました。<br/><br/>増税に関しては賛否両論ありますが、私はどちらでもよいと感じています。<br/><br/>なぜならば、現在の私の主要な消費である飲食料品は、増税の対象外だからです。<br/><br/>増税前には、冷蔵庫や洗濯機などの大型家電を買おうとする人が多くみられたようです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Mac</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">On October 1, 2019, the consumption tax in Japan was raised from 8% to 10%.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Originally, the rising tax to 10% was scheduled to be implemented in 2015, but it was postponed twice, and it was finally raised this year.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There are pros and cons to this raising consumption tax, but I do not care really much.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
There are pros and cons to this raising consumption tax, but I do not care <span class="f_blue">that </span>much, because the increase does not affect food or drink, which are what I mainly spend money on in my current life.
<p class="correction_comment">If you want to use "really" then you should say "I do not really care much."<br/><br/>Try to just avoid starting sentences with conjunctions.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">According to TV news, many people bought large home appliances such as refrigerators and washing machines before the consumption tax increased.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
According to <span class="f_blue">the </span>news, many people bought large home appliances such as refrigerators and washing machines before the consumption tax increased.
<p class="correction_comment">Specifying "TV news" is sort of an odd thing to do in English.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I saw this on NHK! Why was it delayed?
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for the correction!<br/><br/>&gt; I saw this on NHK! Why was it delayed?<br/>I'm not sure about that, but it is said that the main factor is the economic downturn after the previous tax increase in 2014.
</div>
</div>
