---
date: 2019-10-14
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show">Typhoon No. 19</h1>
<div class="date">Oct 14, 2019 22:55</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
Typhoon No. 19<br/><br/>A super large typhoon, Typhoon No. 19, hit Japan from October 12th to 13th.<br/><br/>The typhoon, which is also called as "Hagibis," belongs to Category five in hurricane indicators.<br/><br/>There were various damages caused by this typhoon -- especially the damage of river break and river flooding seems to be severe.<br/><br/>At present, it has been confirmed that 21 rivers broke, and 142 rivers are flooded.<br/><br/>In addition, 30 people died and 15people were missing.<br/><br/>Rescue and recovery efforts are still being carried out in various places.<br/><br/>It is my sincere wish that the damage will not be magnified any more.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
台風19号<br/><br/>10月12日から13日にかけて、超大型の台風19号が日本を直撃しました。<br/><br/>「ハギビス」とも呼ばれる台風19号は、ハリケーンに使用されるカテゴリーの最大レベル5に匹敵します。<br/><br/>この台風による被害はさまざま出ていますが、特に豪雨による河川の決壊は氾濫の被害が大きいようです。<br/><br/>現時点で、決壊は21河川、氾濫は142河川で確認されています。<br/><br/>また、死者数は30人、行方不明者数は15人となっています。<br/><br/>現在も各地で救助・復旧作業が行われています。<br/><br/>これ以上被害が大きくならないことを切に願います。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">Zara</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The typhoon, which is also called as "Hagibis," belongs to Category five in hurricane indicators.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
The typhoon, which is also called <span class="f_red">"Typhoon</span><span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">as</span></span> <span class="f_gray"><span class="sline">"</span></span>Hagibis," belongs to Category five in hurricane indicators.
<p class="correction_comment">Storms are named with structures like 'Hurricane 〇〇' and 'Typhoon 〇〇'</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is my sincere wish that the damage will not be magnified any more.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is my sincere wish that the damage will not be magnified any more.
<p class="correction_comment">'be magnified' has the right sort of meaning, but it isn't very natural here. maybe just 'not increase any more'</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Interesting essay, the typhoon had a big impact.
</p>

</div></div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">David</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">There were various damages caused by this typhoon -- especially the damage of river break and river flooding seems to be severe.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
There were various damages caused by this typhoon -- especially the damage of river break and river flooding seems to be severe.
<p class="correction_comment">Very understandable. <br/><br/>I'm having problems with "river break" (see below) but I can't think of a better phrase now. Sorry.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">At present, it has been confirmed that 21 rivers broke, and 142 rivers are flooded.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
At present, it has been confirmed that 21 river levies/dikes broke, and 142 rivers are flooding.
<p class="correction_comment">21 rivers broke --&gt; 21 river levies/dikes -- I've never heard of a river breaking. ;o)<br/><br/>rivers are flooded --&gt; rivers are flooding - Rivers are a dynamic thing is they are actively flooding. lakes or other constrained bodies of water can be flooded.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In addition, 30 people died and 15people were missing.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In addition, 30 people died and 15 people are missing.
<p class="correction_comment">and15 --&gt; and 15<br/><br/>were missing --&gt; are missing - After you wrote "At present.." you should stay in the present tense until you establish another time period.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Rescue and recovery efforts are still being carried out in various places.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">It is my sincere wish that the damage will not be magnified any more.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
It is my sincere wish that the damage will not be magnified any more.
<p class="correction_comment">As written your's is quite understandable but your use of "magnified" in odd.<br/><br/>that there will be no additional damage <br/>that we will not suffer additional damage</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I hope you were out of harms way and life gets back to normal, or as normal as it can get, soon.
 <br/>
 <br/>
</p>

</div></div>
