---
date: 2021-03-02
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
  - Diary
---

<h1 id="subject_show"><strong><em>Daitai</strong></em> (代替 - Alternative)</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>Mar 2, 2021 09:45</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
<strong><em>Daitai</strong></em><br/><br/>Yesterday, I was working all day and could not write a post on Lang-8.<br/><br/>My daily English learning goal on Lang-8 is to write more than 100 words.<br/><br/>In my work yesterday, I wrote over 1000 English words, so I would like to regard this task as <strong><em>daitai</em></strong> (代替) of yesterday's learning goal.<br/><br/>Since the kanji 替 is often used in the readings of <strong><em>kae</em></strong> (かえ) or <strong><em>gae</em></strong> (がえ), I feel that many Japanese people mistakenly read 代替 as <em>daigae</em>.<br/><br/>To tell you the truth, the reading <em>daigae</em> is listed in Japanese dictionaries as a special reading, but it is not a normative one.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
代替<br/><br/>昨日は起きてから寝るまでずっと仕事をしていて投稿できませんでした。<br/><br/>Lang-8での私の英語学習のノルマは、1日100単語以上です。<br/><br/>昨日は仕事の中で、1000単語以上の英作文をしたので、これを学習ノルマの「代替」としたいと思います。<br/><br/>「代替」の「替」の字は、「かえ」や「がえ」と読み方で使われることが多いためか、「だいがえ」と誤って読む日本人が多く感じます。<br/><br/>「だいがえ」という読み方は、特殊な読み方（重箱読み）として国語辞典にも掲載されているようですが、規範的なものではありません。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">FireWolf</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 I can't find any mistakes. Good job!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for reading my post!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">なだれ</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Yesterday, I was working all day and could not write a post on Lang-8.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red">I worked </span>all day <span class="f_red">yesterday</span> and<span class="f_red"> was not able to</span> write a post on Lang-8.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">My daily English learning goal on Lang-8 is to write more than 100 words.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
My English <span class="f_red">study</span> goal<span class="f_red"> is to write more than 100 words on Lang-8 everyday.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In my work yesterday, I wrote over 1000 English words, so I would like to regard this task as 'daitai' (代替) of yesterday's learning goal.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red">At</span> work yesterday, I wrote over 1000 English words, so I would like <span class="f_red">that to be regarded as daitai for yesterday's goal.</span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since the kanji 替 is often used in the readings of 'kae' (かえ) or 'gae' (がえ), I feel that many Japanese people mistakenly read 代替 as 'daigae'.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Since the kanji 替 is often <span class="f_red">read as</span> 'kae' (かえ) or 'gae' (がえ), I feel that many Japanese people mistakenly read 代替 as 'daigae'.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">To tell you the truth, the reading 'daigae' is listed in Japanese dictionaries as a special reading, but it is not a normative one.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
To tell you the truth, 'daigae' is listed in Japanese dictionaries as a special <span class="f_red">way to pronounce the word</span>, but it is not <span class="f_red">common</span>.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I didn't know that! ^^ Thank you for sharing! I feel informed!
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for correcting my post! ^^
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Please let me ask you a question.<br/>In the last sentence, the word "normative" changed to "common." However, I also explained that "many Japanese people mistakenly read 代替."<br/>In other words, my explanation implied that the wrong reading is common. I wanted to say something like that the reading is common but is not normative. Here, I used "normative" to mean "a correct rule," but should I avoid using "normative"?
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">なだれ</span><br>
It just sounded unnatural to me! ^^; If you want to use the word "normative", maybe something like this would be a little better?<br/>"To tell you the truth, 'daigae' is listed in Japanese dictionaries as a special way to pronounce the word, but it is not a normative use of that term."<br/>To be honest, using "normative" in this sentence is not normative! &gt; v &lt;
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for the explanation!<br/>I would like to consider using "standard" instead of "normative." "Standard" may be similar to "common," but I think that it is closer to what I wanted to say - 'kihanteki' (規範的).<br/>(My dictionary says that 'kihanteki' is "canonical," "normative," or "prescriptive.")
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">なだれ</span><br>
Oh, standard would be an excellent word to use! ^^ Great idea!
</div>
</div>
