---
date: 2021-05-31
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: "1861_the-names-of-the-fingers-for-children"
---

# 【No. 1861】The Names of the Fingers for Children
<div class="date">May 31, 2021 13:56</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
The Names of the Fingers for Children<br/><br/>In my post yesterday, I introduced the common names of <strong><em>yubi</em></strong> (指 - meaning "fingers") in Japanese.<br/><br/>Today, I would like to talk about other names of the fingers that are commonly used for children.<br/><br/><strong><em>Otōsan-yubi</em></strong> (お父さん指): The literal meaning is "the father finger," and it actually means "thumb."<br/><br/><strong><em>Okāsan-yubi</em></strong> (お母さん指): The literal meaning is "the mother finger," and it actually means "index finger."<br/><br/><strong><em>Onīsan-yubi</em></strong> (お兄さん指): The literal meaning is "the elder brother finger," and it actually means "middle finger."<br/><br/><strong><em>Onēsan-yubi</em></strong> (お姉さん指): The literal meaning is "the elder sister finger," and it actually means "ring finger."<br/><br/><strong><em>Akachan-yubi</em></strong> (赤ちゃん指): The literal meaning is "the baby finger," and it actually means "little finger."<br/><br/>In other words, each finger is likened to a family member.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
子ども向けの指の名前<br/><br/>昨日は、日本語における一般的な指の名前を紹介しました。<br/><br/>今日は、子ども向けによく使われる指の名前を紹介します。<br/><br/>お父さん指：親指のことです。<br/><br/>お母さん指：人差し指のことです。<br/><br/>お兄さん指：中指のことです。<br/><br/>お姉さん指：薬指のことです。<br/><br/>赤ちゃん指：小指のことです。<br/><br/>すなわち、それぞれの指を家族に見立てているというわけです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">ニック</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The Names of the Fingers for Children</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The Names of the Fingers for Children</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In my post yesterday, I introduced the common names of 'yubi' (指 - meaning "fingers") in Japanese.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Today, I would like to talk about other names of the fingers that are commonly used for children.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Otōsan-yubi' (お父さん指): The literal meaning is "the father finger," and it actually means "thumb."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
'Otōsan-yubi' (お父さん指): The literal meaning is "the father finger," and it actually <span class="f_blue"><span class="sline">means </span>refers to the</span> thumb.
<p class="correction_comment">The grammar is perfect! However, people normally try to avoid using the same word twice in the same sentence. That is why I suggest "refers to" instead of "means."</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Okāsan-yubi' (お母さん指): The literal meaning is "the mother finger," and it actually means "index finger."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
'Okāsan-yubi' (お母さん指): The literal meaning is "the mother finger," and it actually <span class="f_blue"><span class="sline">means </span>refers to</span> <span class="f_blue">the</span> index finger.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Onīsan-yubi' (お兄さん指): The literal meaning is "the elder brother finger," and it actually means "middle finger."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
'Onīsan-yubi' (お兄さん指): The literal meaning is "the elder brother finger," and it actually <span class="f_blue"><span class="sline">means</span> refers to</span> <span class="f_blue">the</span> middle finger.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Onēsan-yubi' (お姉さん指): The literal meaning is "the elder sister finger," and it actually means "ring finger."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
'Onēsan-yubi' (お姉さん指): The literal meaning is "the elder sister finger," and it actually <span class="f_blue"><span class="sline">means</span> refers to</span> <span class="f_blue">the</span> ring finger.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Akachan-yubi' (赤ちゃん指): The literal meaning is "the baby finger," and it actually means "little finger."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
'Akachan-yubi' (赤ちゃん指): The literal meaning is "the baby finger," and it actually <span class="f_blue"><span class="sline">means</span> refers to the</span> little finger.
<p class="correction_comment">I normally say "pinky," though "little finger" is perfectly fine and is more formal : )</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In other words, each finger is likened to a family member.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I love this post! I think it's so adorable that each finger represents a family member.
 <br/>
 <br/>
 By the way, your English is amazing : )
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you so much for the correction!<br/>I'm glad to hear you say that! (^^)
</div>
</div>
