---
date: 2021-08-29
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show"><strong><em>Omae Hyaku made Washa Kuju-ku made</strong></em> (お前百までわしゃ九十九まで - Till Death Do Us Part) Part 1</h1>
<div class="date">Aug 29, 2021 11:10</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
<strong><em>Omae Hyaku made Washa Kuju-ku made</strong></em> Part 1<br/><br/>Married couples always hope to enjoy a long life together.<br/><br/>To express this fact, you can use the proverb <strong><em>omae hyaku made washa kuju-ku made</em></strong> (お前百までわしゃ九十九まで).<br/><br/>Since <strong><em>omae</em></strong> (お前) is a second person pronoun, <strong><em>hyaku</em></strong> (百) means "hundred," <strong><em>made</em></strong> (まで) means "until," <strong><em>washa/washi</em></strong> (わしゃ/わし) is a first person pronoun, <strong><em>kuju-ku</em></strong> (九十九) means "ninety-nine," the literal meaning of this proverb is "You live until a hundred, and I live until ninety-nine."<br/><br/>This expression is written from the wife's point of view, so <em>omae</em> and <em>washa</em> refer to the husband and the wife, respectively.<br/><br/>Continue to Part 2.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
お前百までわしゃ九十九まで Part 1<br/><br/>夫婦はともに長生きすることを願うものです。<br/><br/>これを表すことわざに、「お前百までわしゃ九十九まで」があります。<br/><br/>「お前」は二人称代名詞、「百」は "hundred"、「まで」は、"until"、「わしゃ」は一人称代名詞、「九十九」は "ninety-nine" を意味するので、「お前百までわしゃ九十九まで」の文字どおりの意味は "You live until a hundred, and I live until ninety-nine" となります。<br/><br/>このことわざは妻目線の言葉となっており、「お前」は夫を、「わし/わしゃ」は妻を表しています。<br/><br/>Part 2 に続く
</div></div>

## Corrections (1)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">David</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Married couples always hope to enjoy a long life together.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">To express this fact, you can use the proverb 'omae hyaku made washa kuju-ku made' (お前百までわしゃ九十九まで).</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since 'omae' (お前) is a second person pronoun, 'hyaku' (百) means "hundred," 'made' (まで) means "until," 'washa/washi' (わしゃ/わし) is a first person pronoun, 'kuju-ku' (九十九) means "ninety-nine," the literal meaning of this proverb is "You live until a hundred, and I live until ninety-nine."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
 'waSince 'omae' (お前) is a second person pronoun, 'hyaku' (百) means "hundred," 'made' (まで) means "until,"sha/washi' (わしゃ/わし) is a first person pronoun, 'kuju-ku' (九十九) means "ninety-nine," the literal meaning of this proverb is "You live until a hundred, and I live until ninety-nine."
<p class="correction_comment">Your sentence feels sort of "muddy" because everything is crushed together and some things don't seem clear. How about this? <br/><br/>'omae' (お前) is a second person pronoun so the following 'hyaku' (百) means "hundred" and 'made' (まで) means "until."<br/><br/>"sha/washi' (わしゃ/わし) is a first person pronoun so the following 'kuju-ku' (九十九) means "ninety-nine,"<br/><br/>The literal meaning of this proverb is "You live until a hundred, and I live until ninety-nine."<br/>or<br/>The literal translation of this proverb is "You live until a hundred, and I live until ninety-nine."<br/><br/><br/>Please let me know if this is what you intended.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">This expression is written from the wife's point of view, so 'omae' and 'washa' refer to the husband and the wife, respectively.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
This expression is written from the wife's point of view so 'omae' and 'washa' refer to the husband and the wife, respectively.
<p class="correction_comment">view, so --&gt; view so - Why? I can't give you a specific reason/rule but to me I don't think the commas works here.<br/><br/>I had to look up the way to handle "respectively" in a sentence. Your sentence agrees with this fact I found:<br/><br/>"A note on punctuation: the word "respectively" is put at the end of the sentence or phrase it refers to, and it is set off with a comma (or commas if "respectively" occurs in the middle of the sentence). Example: The dog and the cat were named Jack and Sam, respectively, and they lived down the street from me.Apr 12, 2017"<br/><br/>I'm glad I check on it's use. If I hadn't I would have told you to drop the comma and I would have been wrong. Would be the first time would it? ;o)</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Continue to Part 2.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Continue to Part 2.
<p class="correction_comment">I hope Part 2 will explain what this proverb means.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 Hi Toru,
 <br/>
 <br/>
 It's been awhile hasn't it?
 <br/>
 <br/>
 <br/>
 Would you write your name in hiragana(?)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Hi, David, <br/>It's been a while :)<br/><br/>Thank you for the correction!<br/><br/>&gt; Would you write your name in hiragana(?)<br/>My name is written in hiragana as とおる.<br/><br/>&gt; 'omae' (お前) is a second person pronoun so the following 'hyaku' (百) means "hundred" and 'made' (まで) means "until."<br/>&gt; "sha/washi' (わしゃ/わし) is a first person pronoun so the following 'kuju-ku' (九十九) means "ninety-nine,"<br/><br/>It seems that my writing was difficult to understand. If "so" is in that position, the meaning could be a little different from what I intended.<br/><br/>To put it another way,  my sentence would look like this:<br/>'Omae' (お前) means "you," 'hyaku' (百) means "hundred," 'made' (まで) means "until," 'washa/washi' (わしゃ/わし) means "I," and 'kuju-ku' (九十九) means "ninety-nine." <br/>Therefore, the literal translation of this proverb is "You live until a hundred, and I live until ninety-nine."
</div>
</div>
