---
date: 2023-05-24
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
---

<h1 id="subject_show"><strong><em>Nido Oshiete Ichido Shikare</strong></em> (二度教えて一度叱れ - Think before You Strike)</h1>
<div class="date" hidden>May 24, 2023 18:34</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
<strong><em>Nido Oshiete Ichido Shikare</strong></em><br/><br/>I believe that educating children is very difficult.<br/><br/>The Japanese proverb, <strong><em>nido oshiete ichido shikare</em></strong> (二度教えて一度叱れ), refers to the education of children.<br/><br/> Since <strong><em>nido</em></strong> (二度) means "twice," <strong><em>oshiete</em></strong> (教えて) means "to teach," <strong><em>ichido</em></strong> (一度) means "once," and <strong><em>shikare</em></strong> (叱れ) measn "to scold," the literal meaning of this proverb is "teach twice, scold once."<br/><br/>In other words, it says that you should teach your children several times before scolding them.<br/><br/>I found "Mint ere you strike" as an English translation of this proverb, but this phrase is a bit old-fashioned. I think it would be better to use a modern style, like "Think before you strike."
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
二度教えて一度叱れ<br/><br/>子どもの教育はとても難しいと思います。<br/><br/>子どもの教育に関することわざとして、「二度教えて一度叱れ」があります。<br/><br/>「二度」は "twice"、「教えて」は "to teach"、「一度」は "once"、「叱れ」は "to scold" を意味するので、「二度教えて一度叱れ」の文字どおりの意味は "teach twice, scold once" となります。<br/><br/>いきなり叱るのではなく、まずは何度か教え諭すことが重要であるということです。<br/><br/>このことわざの英訳として "Mint ere you strike" を見つけましたが、少し古い表現であるため、現代風に "Think before you strike" とするのが良さそうです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">O-Star</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Nido Oshiete Ichido Shikare (二度教えて一度叱れ - Think before You Strike)</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Nido Oshiete Ichido Shikare</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I believe that educating children is very difficult.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">The Japanese proverb, 'nido oshiete ichido shikare' (二度教えて一度叱れ), refers to the education of children.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Since 'nido' (二度) means "twice," 'oshiete' (教えて) means "to teach," 'ichido' (一度) means "once," and 'shikare' (叱れ) measn "to scold," the literal meaning of this proverb is "teach twice, scold once."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In other words, it says that you should teach your children several times before scolding them.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In other words,<span class="f_bold"> the proverb</span> says that you should teach your children several times before scolding them.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I found "Mint ere you strike" as an English translation of this proverb, but this phrase is a bit old-fashioned.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I found "Mint ere you strike" as an English translation of this proverb, but this phrase is a <span class="f_blue">little/bit</span> old-fashioned.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">I think it would be better to use a modern style, like "Think before you strike."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
I think it would be better to use a modern<span class="f_bold"> phrase like </span>"Think before you strike."
</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for the correction! (^^)
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">O-Star</span><br>
You're welcome!
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">KaragAlex</span></div><div id="block2">
<p class="comment_small">
 It's good that you included the translation "Think before you strike" (or is it "Teach before you strike"?), because when I read the sentence I instantly thought "Teach twice, scold once". Ιn the sense that scolding is also necessary after teaching. Which might be true in a sense, but very unpopular as an opinion nowadays.
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for your comment!<br/><br/>Yes, I made some changes because I thought the literal translation "teach twice, scold once" did not convey the original meaning of this proverb.<br/><br/>Furthermore, to try to convey the finer nuances of this proverb, it would be as follows: <br/>First, teach your children. And only when they do not listen to you despite your repeated words, consider scolding them.<br/><br/>I also believe that there is no better way to avoid scolding and striking children!
</div>
</div>
