---
date: 2023-06-10
authors:
  - toru
categories:
  - Essay
comments: true
slug: 2058_tatami-no-ue-no-kega
---

# 【No. 2058】<strong><em>Tatami no Ue no Kega</strong></em> (畳の上の怪我 - Out of the Blue)
<div class="date">Jun 10, 2023 20:26</div>
<div id="post"><div id="body_show_ori">
<strong><em>Tatami no Ue no Kega</strong></em><br/><br/>Although you believe that you are safe, you may unexpectedly get injured.<br/><br/>Such a fact that we cannot predict when and where we will encounter trouble or disaster can be described as the phrase <strong><em>tatami no ue no kega</em></strong> (畳の上の怪我).<br/><br/><strong><em>Tatami</em></strong> (畳) refers to a traditional Japanese flooring material made of rush grass and straw; it is slip-resistant, stumbling-resistant, and effectively absorbs shock."と<br/><br/>In addition, <strong><em>ue</em></strong> (上) means "on," and <strong><em>kega</em></strong> (怪我) means "injury," so the literal meaning of <em>tatami no ue no kega</em> is "getting injured on a tatami."<br/><br/>In other words, getting injured on a tatami, which is believed to be safe, is tantamount to an unexpected disaster.
</div></div>

<!-- more -->

<div id="post_ja"><div id="body_show_mo">
畳の上の怪我<br/><br/>安全だと思っていても、思いがけず怪我をしてしまうことがあるかもしれません。<br/><br/>このように、いつどこで災難に遭うか予測ができないことのたとえとして、「畳の上の怪我」という表現があります。<br/><br/>「畳」は藁とい草で作られる日本の伝統的な床材のことで、滑りにくく、つまずきにくく、そして衝撃をよく緩和します。<br/><br/>また、「上」は "on"、「怪我」は "injury" を意味するので、「畳の上の怪我」の文字どおりの意味は "getting injured on a tatami" となります。<br/><br/>安全とされる畳の上での怪我は、思いがけない災難というわけです。
</div></div>

## Corrections (2)
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 1　<span class="just_name">kaschka</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Although you believe that you are safe, you may unexpectedly get injured.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
Although you <span class="f_blue">might lead a relatively </span>safe <span class="f_red">life</span>, you can <span class="f_blue">get injured</span> <span class="f_blue">at</span> any time.
<p class="correction_comment">I think we can rephrase this, because "Although you believe you are safe" sounds a little threatening.</p>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Such a fact that we cannot predict when and where we will encounter trouble or disaster can be described as the phrase 'tatami no ue no kega' (畳の上の怪我).</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
<span class="f_red">The</span> fact that we cannot predict when and where we will encounter trouble or disaster can be described <span class="f_red">by</span> the phrase 'tatami no ue no kega' (畳の上の怪我).
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Tatami' (畳) refers to a traditional Japanese flooring material made of rush grass and straw; it is slip-resistant, stumbling-resistant, and effectively absorbs shock."と</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
'Tatami" (畳) refers to<span class="f_red"><span class="sline"> a</span></span> traditional Japanese flooring material made of rush grass and straw; it is slip-resistant, stumbling-resistant, and effectively absorbs shock.
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In addition, 'ue' (上) means "on," and 'kega' (怪我) means "injury," so the literal meaning of 'tatami no ue no kega' is "getting injured on a tatami."</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In addition, "ue" (上) means "on," and "kega" (怪我) means "injury," so the <span class="f_blue">direct</span> <span class="f_blue">translation</span> of "tatami no ue no kega" is "getting injured on a tatami."
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In other words, getting injured on a tatami, which is believed to be safe, is tantamount to an unexpected disaster.</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
In other words, getting injured on a tatami, which is believed to be safe, is<span class="f_blue"> like having</span> an unexpected disaster.
</li>
</ul>
<p class="comment_small">
 I like that saying. I will save it to my vocabulary list! :)
</p>

</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for the correction!<br/>Note that young people may not use this saying very often. :)
</div>
</div>
<div id="block"><div class="first_name"> No. 2　<span class="just_name">O-Star</span></div><div id="block2">
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Tatami no Ue no Kega (畳の上の怪我 - Out of the Blue)</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">Tatami no Ue no Kega</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">'Tatami' (畳) refers to a traditional Japanese flooring material made of rush grass and straw; it is slip-resistant, stumbling-resistant, and effectively absorbs shock."と</li>
<li class="corrected correct">
'Tatami' (畳) refers to a traditional Japanese flooring material made of rush grass and straw; it is slip-resistant, stumbling-resistant, and effectively absorbs shock.<span class="sline"><span class="f_red">"と</span></span>
</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In addition, 'ue' (上) means "on," and 'kega' (怪我) means "injury," so the literal meaning of 'tatami no ue no kega' is "getting injured on a tatami."</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
<ul class="correction_field">
<li class="incorrect">In other words, getting injured on a tatami, which is believed to be safe, is tantamount to an unexpected disaster.</li>
<li class="corrected perfect">This sentence is perfect! No correction needed!</li>
</ul>
</div><div class="name"><span class="just_name">Toru</span><br>
Thank you for the correction!!
</div>
<div class="name"><span class="just_name">O-Star</span><br>
You're welcome!
</div>
</div>
